my mother is a Grandmaster at the
seventh realm and my father is the only
Marshal Saint at the 10th realm in the
world however I am a waste with
extremely poor aptitude at this moment
lying in the swaddling clothes I am
trying hard to recall everything that
happened it turns out that before my
death I unexpectedly activated the
reversal life system and transmigrated
back to when I was 2 years old before I
could think too much the system issued a
task try to make father Lu Chang Ching
show a hint of a smile the task reward
is a Dao embryo pill which can transform
one's body in Bones so I reluctantly
stood up my mother by yuyo noticed my
movement feeling both surprised and
delighted shaol Lu you are you awake do
you feel better she quickly touched my
forehead took my temperature and
breathed a sigh of relief when
everything was normal I raised my head
and glanced at Bay yuyo smiled trying to
reassure her that I was fine all right
my dear I'm finally better then she
picked me up in her arms shaol you you
scared me to death I opened my mouth but
couldn't say anything only making
babbling sounds at this moment a loud
noise came from outside followed by a
group of people the middle-aged man
leading them had a heroic appearance
with a thick beard followed by a group
of doctors they approached and examined
me with various instruments quickly
confirming that I was indeed healed the
middle-aged man let out a sigh of relief
and then started chatting with bayu ya
Chang Shang it seems like Shalo you can
understand me now and even speak he's
not just a burnt fool anymore he he's
become clever is it true is this really
happening look shalu you this is your
dad call him dad I looked at the gentle
expression on the graceful woman's face
then at the expectant look on the
middle-aged man's face hesitated for a
moment and finally called out dad upon
hearing this Lu Ching's eyes widened
instantly and he was overjoyed unable to
contain his happiness he couldn't help
but look at the people around him
grinning from ear to ear sha Lu you
called me daddy sha you called me Daddy
haaha at that moment a prompt appeared
before my eyes I blinked finding it hard
to believe could it really be this
simple after taking the da Dan it can
help people to completely transform and
rebuild their Foundation this is a rare
treasure in the world just one pill can
change a person's Destiny Against All
Odds I couldn't help but be amazed by
the effects of this pill upon careful
consideration it made sense being such a
waste at 40 years old the first reward
for completing a task naturally had to
be this type of pill otherwise how could
the counter attack be achieved soon the
text on the system panel reappeared you
have successfully made Lu Chang xang who
hasn't smiled in 30 years smile however
this alone is not enough please spar
with your Marshall St father and
successfully hit him Mission reward
innate sword intent thinking of the
miraculous effects of The Da embryo pill
the reward for this second task
immediately made me somewhat excited
afterwards I looked around trying to see
if there were any handy weap weapons Lu
Chang Chang looked at me and quickly
asked Shia luu where do you want to go I
spoke up down Lu changing nodded and
carefully set me down then I staggered
to my pile of toys found a plastic toy
sword and waved it towards Lu Chang xung
making yaha sounds at the same time Lu
changing looked at this scene with
interest and asked sha luu do you want
to learn swordsmanship I replied fight
while gesturing Lu chaning finally
understood that sha luu wanted to spar
with me I happily clapped my hands all
right all right Lu changing nodded
happily and started playing around with
his son under Lu changings ultimate
release of water just 10 seconds later I
stabbed him with a sword Lu Chang Xing
fell to the ground with an oops and said
sha Lu you knocked down Daddy I couldn't
help but smile happily good that's it
another light curtain appeared before my
eyes mission accomplished reward
distributed innate sword intent in that
instant various sword intents flashed
through my mind and the toy sword in my
hand unconsciously carried a hint of
sharpness lying on the ground Lu Chang
xang sensed something was wrong what's
going on with the sword in his son's
hand he immediately got up and snatched
the toy sword from me Lu Chang xang
looked at the toy sword in his hand
furrowing his brows involuntarily as
there seemed to be nothing unusual about
it Chang xang what's wrong BYU ya
quickly asked when she noticed Lu
Ching's reaction there might be
something wrong with this toy sword Lu
Chan Chang spoke up sword I said as I
looked at the disappearing sword in my
hand this sword is broken dad will buy
you another sword Lu changing quickly
added a month had passed in the blink of
an eye I gazed at my taskboard and
couldn't help but let out a sigh you
have successfully struck your father Lu
Chong Shen even though 99 9% of it was
due to your father holding back your own
efforts played a part as well but this
is far from enough please earn the
recognition of your father the Marshall
Saint and show him your progress task
reward innate dragon and tiger power the
reward for this task is very generous
and it's also quite simple I'm just over
a year old now so it's really easy to
gain Lu Ching's approval but the problem
is after this task was triggered Lu
Chang xang had already left home by Yu
ya told me that he had gone out to do
something important related to the
safety of diaa and even the entire human
race so he didn't have time to accompany
me all I can do is wait quietly it took
a month for this at the same time I was
thinking about how to gain Li Ching's
approval without attracting too much
attention so I made some noises pointing
at a children's book to catch bayu Ya's
attention bayu ya walked over and said
with a smile Little lu you wants to read
Mommy will read it to you okay after
that bayu ya patiently started reading
to me little duck after the story was
finished by yuya pointed to the picture
and asked Shia luu what do you see here
duck I said sha luu is really smart
you're right this is a duck a little
yellow duck Bayo had a delighted
expression on her face in front of
Outsiders she was the iceberg goddess by
Yu yaa a Grandmaster of the seventh
Realm of the Marshall da but in front of
luu she was just a mother what is this
bayyo asked again luu replied again
bunny right it's the bunny the little
bunny little luu is awesome Bay yuya was
surprised to find that her son seemed to
have become even smarter what is it
froggy that's right it's froggy little
froggy bayyo was very happy and kissed
luu
fiercely next bayyo asked several more
questions and luu answered them all
correctly this made by yuyo even happier
seeing by y ya so happy for some reason
luu felt happy himself giggling and even
immersed in the
atmosphere strange you're not a child
shouldn't you find this boring
surprisingly he felt it was funny luu
felt something was wrong and on second
thought it should be that this body was
too small so it relatively affected him
it was normal just as he had taken on
the habits of a cat when he became a cat
and now that he had become become a
child he was of course affected by his
body and gradually favored children luu
couldn't say whether this was good or
bad it's supposed to be good if that's
the case he can stop forcing himself to
act like a child in the future because
that kind of camouflage is not only
awkward it's very tiring if you can play
it natively you won't be tired of
pretending and it's not like he's
traveling through he's just Awakening
memories of his past life he's still the
same as he was thinking about it this
way luu felt very reasonable again
seeing that luu was so smart bayyo began
to read the story to him again this time
L you simply read alone of course
despite being another month older he
still hadn't been able to utter a
complete sentence the Babbling of
learned words caught by yuya's attention
and she couldn't help but smile before
pointing to the words on the book this
word nenu is luu your name O luu
repeated this reads white it's mom's
last name O white BYU ya felt that it
was very interesting so she taught like
this after being taught in this way Bay
yuyo began to ask questions and then
realized that luu was actually able to
answer them all bayu ya was shocked at
that moment she couldn't help but stare
with wide eyes and a stunned expression
chapter 5 showing your talent the
writing in this world
dashya was slightly different from the
previous life but it is much the same
can be said to have the same root very
recognizable so L you didn't have much
of a problem remembering it however
in by yuya's opinion this was completely
different such a small child just learn
to speak not long ago can recognize the
little duck little rabbit little frog
already very powerful how can
literacy this text is many times more
complicated than the picture how can a
kid Remember by yuya was shocked could
it be that his son is a
genius on second thought it seems very
reasonable after all he was L Chang
Ching's son who is Lu chang chong the
first Genius of the great summer Kingdom
the first 10 realm Marshal Saint in
human history it was also the only
Marshal Saint so far the more top-notch
powerhouses the more difficult it was to
procreate and for so many years only luu
a soul
seedling had been born so isn't it
normal for Lu you to be slightly more
genius have to say parents are very good
at convincing themselves bayu ya quickly
accepted this and brought another book
over this book is a compendium of
animals featuring a wide variety of
animals and even some alien creatures
this is used by the great summer Kingdom
to Enlighten small children originally L
you was still a bit early to see it now
but now bayyo thinks it is just right
this is bayyo immediately began to teach
luu sat in her arms and looked at the
animals
attentively there were people in there
he knew and people he didn't know after
a while Bay yuyo began to ask questions
and luu answered them all as by yuyo
listened to the
responses a happy smile appeared on her
face once again nothing made her happier
than her own son being a genius by yuyo
confirmed one thing luu's memory was
very good little luu is so smart bayya
was so happy that she couldn't help but
kiss luu when your father comes back
he'll be very
surprised luu thought this is the effect
he wants if this couldn't get Lu Ching's
approval he could only show his martial
arts talent and even his sword Talent
ever since he ate the da embryo Dan a
month ago he had been transformed and
was no longer the scrappy luu of old
according to the usual practice children
in this world usually develop until they
are 3 years old before their roots and
bones are examined and their talents are
tested luu's original root and Bone
Talent was very poor but that one Dow
embrio Dan reversed everything to say
that Against All Odds is not too much
he is now also not clear now his own
root and Bone talent in the end in which
class it can't be too bad anyway is all
Bay yuya was very happy since luu showed
his
extraordinary and then luu was out of
luck by Yu ya taught luu even more every
day reading to him every day making
luu's head spin it's horrible for women
to look to their children the intensity
of the education came up immediately
with a slight display of talent luu is
very difficult the heart cannot help but
spit there is no mistake I'm still a
one-year-old child ah chicken child is
not so chicken it it couldn't be helped
that every time he read he either ran
away or played dumb which made by yuyo
helpless she also gradually calmed down
and felt that she was a little too much
such words can easily cause the child's
rebelliousness and should be orderly and
gradual next bayyo consulted a number of
people and realized that she had indeed
been too hasty letting a child of more
than a year- old read and write that's
crazy however in this way the fact that
luu had a superb memory and could
already read and right spread in the
past two days a lot of people came one
after another there were Elders from the
Lou family and the B family there were
also some children older than luu who
looked at him with curious faces even
pops who he hadn't seen in a month took
time out of his busy schedule to make a
trip home from the outer planets at this
moment a large family surrounded luu
grandparents Grandma and Grandpa aunts
and uncles brothers and sisters and Li
Chang who had just rushed back only to
see by Yu Yao holding three words and
asking luu little luu how do you
pronounce these three words luu glanced
at the crowd then at Bay Yu ya and
finally at Lu Chang xang his heart was
helpless he was only slightly displaying
his talent ah how did he cause such a
big commotion even pops who I haven't
seen in a long time is is back but
that's a good thing he finally had a
chance to finish the job then in the
presence of a large family luu spoke Lu
Chang xong those three words were quite
literally his old man's name when he
pronounced these three words the whole
family cheered out everyone was excited
grandparents
grandmothers and
grandfathers all of them were smiling
the aunts and uncles all applauded my
brother and sister all opened their
mouths in Surprise even Lu Chang xang
looked surprised by yuyo said
proudly that's right isn't it you still
don't believe me when I say my son can
read and write looking at the crowd so
excited luu was very tempted to say sit
down sit down Bas do not
six at the same time he glanced at the
progress of the mission this task with
lu Ching's sentence truly worthy of
being my son it was directly completed
born with the power of dragons and
tigers it's in hand luu felt that
constant stream of divine power and
instantly didn't dare to move for fear
of showing a little luckily the power
was quickly mastered and there was no
embarrassing situation where a gentle
squeeze would break something at this
moment Lu Chang xang was very happy he
hugged luu and said with a smile haven't
seen you for a month did you miss dad by
Yu ya on the side said of course I miss
you almost every night little luu was
calling out for daddy where is Daddy
just wanting you to come back hearing
this
Lu Chong xang was a little
heartbroken there was no way he was just
too busy there were too many things to
do he just couldn't spare the time
little louu don't blame Daddy Daddy has
very important things to do outside so
there's no way he can stay with you all
the time Lu Chang xang said seriously to
luu luu seemed to understand and nodded
he seems to understand what I'm saying
Lu chonging turned his head to Bay yuyo
and said happily he then turned his head
and looked at luu once again come on
call Daddy and listen luu Lu Chang xan
Lu Chong Shen by Yo ah a large group of
people around them froze for the first
time and then they all couldn't help but
burst out laughing by yuy ya teaches luu
that Lu Chang Chang is his father's name
so luu memorized those three words and
knew that it was his father's name then
it's straight to name calling nothing
wrong with it is this
self-inflicted Lu Chang Chang instantly
said with a bitter face and a helpless
expression although Lu Chang is my name
little L you can't call me that you have
to call me dad chapter 6 the system is
also confused Lu Chang Chang did not
continue to dwell on the matter of his
son calling out his name
he turned his head to by yuyo since
little Lou you can read and write let's
hire an enlightened teacher for him
hearing this bayyo said with some
surprise isn't it too early he's only a
year and a half old when luu who was on
the side heard this he became a bit
anxious by Yu ya reads to him every day
and he listens to a burst of headache
but also invited an enlightened teacher
to come what's wrong with that he's just
not the age to learn right now no
reading luu spoke in a hurry by Yu Yao
snorted a laugh and looked at Lu Chang
xang and said look little Lou you
doesn't even want to read and you still
want to hire an enlightened teacher it's
just too early I don't want to study
either the slightly older boy on the on
the side about 6 or 7 years old also
spoke up at this time only to be
immediately whisked to the side by his
ears with a ghostly cry Lu Chang Chang
pondered for a moment and nodded in that
case let's wait until he's a little
older and then hire him a teacher by
yuya nodded and said I've heard them say
learning this kind of thing must not be
forced must be guided otherwise it will
make the child
rebellious I'll buy some more picture
books afterward enlightening readings
teach him by
storytelling being a kid is boring Eat
Play Sleep do nothing all day can't do
what I want to do he was too young for
his brain to be fully developed and he
felt a little tired after thinking a
little too long the thing that he did
most every day was to lie in Bay yuya's
arms and listen to her tell those
Enlightenment stories there were times
when Bay yuya would also tell luu
stories about her youth as well as
telling some the legendary Deeds of Lu
Chang Shin this was the only way for luu
to contact the outside world he listened
intently bayud ya also didn't expect
that Lu would like to hear this so much
so she told him more through by yuya's
narration luu's understanding of this
world was enriched since the beginning
of the star Marshall age in just over
2,000 years there have been nearly a
thousand living planets occupied by
humans and there were 688 life planets
in the hands of great SI not only did it
occupy most of them but many of them
were still very rich planets and it was
only the remaining scraps that were
distributed to other countries this was
naturally due to Marshall St Lu Chang
xang as Humanity's first 10 realm
Marshall Saint he had made an
unparalleled
achievement as a reward for his
accomplishments he has 38 private
planets alone to be honest Lu you really
didn't think that the family business
that his own old man had laid down was
so
terrifying it's
outrageous of course humans are not
without enemies in the Stars countless
alien races horrible evil gods in I
States though
overall The Human Side still had the
advantage the strength of these
enemies however is still not to be
underestimated and one must always be on
the alert for their attacks as he heard
these words luu couldn't help but feel a
little worried if his own old man had an
accident and this only human Marshall St
fell then I'm afraid that the situation
of the entire human Community would be
very bad L you thought again there was a
record in the system panel that the
Marshall Saint Lu Chong xong had not
shown a smile for 30 years after he grew
up hasn't smiled in 30 years certainly
not because of his untalented son but
for the sake of the entire human
Community the entire human Community
nearly a thousand living planets rested
on his shoulders alone this weight it's
just too much how many days and nights
without peace where can I laugh think
about that luu was somewhat moved and to
think that he laughed so hard when he
called him daddy luu was silent for a
while bayu ya felt a little amused as
she looked at him in deep thought and
couldn't help but ask what's wrong what
are you thinking about luu raised his
head and said earnestly I want to grow
up and share my worries for Dad by Yu
Yao froze when she heard this to be
honest she hadn't really thought that Lu
you would be able to say something like
that he's so young and he knows how to
share his father's worries by Yu ya
nodded and said then you have to work
hard this is not a simple matter at all
Lu you nodded of course he knew how
difficult it was the entire human race
had only only produced One L Chang Chang
after so many years luckily he's hung
completing three missions in succession
had taken him off his feet for a little
while what about the next mission why
hasn't it triggered yet could it be
because the speed at which he completed
the task was simply too fast causing the
system to notice something was wrong it
has to be said it's quite possible
normally if it was 40 years later these
three tasks to be completed would take
at least several years however Lou you
brushed it off and gave it a finish
simply speeding through I'm afraid that
the system is also
confused no the said scrap material
rebound how did this Mission finish so
fast it's not like he's a loser is there
something wrong this also gave luu a
sense of crisis
he could not rely entirely on the system
he had to work hard himself it was not
desirable to lie completely flat and so
it was in these next days luu ruthlessly
corrected his attitude and began to
learn the words of this world this
dasha's writing and the Chinese of the
previous life is much the same there are
quite a few common points and it is very
easy to learn
luu's learning speed was fast which made
by yuyo very
surprised in just one month's time luu
was no longer satisfied with the content
in the enlightenment picture book as a
last resort BYU ya got some textbooks
over for luu to study in addition to
recognizing words luu also tried to hold
a pen and write some simple words when
luu's old Marshall sa father came back a
month later he was so surprised that he
couldn't keep his mouth shut after
hearing about him you've been reading
and writing since you were a year- old
are your own jeans that strong although
Lu Chang xang was a bit surprised he
accepted it very quickly after all his
deeds were even more Heaven defying
compared to that things like luu knowing
how to read and write were nothing at
all I didn't expect little luu to be so
smart Lu chonging touched luu's said
then softly asked shall I invite a
teacher over for you luu didn't refuse
anymore this time and nodded saying good
why did you agree this time Lu changing
was a bit
curious because I grew up luu replied
this answer made Lu Chang Shing couldn't
help but reveal A Smile as he picked luu
up and then lifted him up our little luu
has grown up
in the
future ah he'll grow taller than Daddy
luu was lifted above his head and also
felt this heavy
expectation just then the systems next
retrograde Mission appeared chapter 7
natural ability to forget here we go
finally luu couldn't help but have his
eyes light up when he saw the mission
appear trigger learning tasks you have
the approval of your father
the Marshall St Lu Chong xang but that
alone is not enough you need to gain the
approval of more people next please gain
the approval of your teacher Li Guang
Thai Quest reward gifted ability can't
forget luu stared at the panel and
looked at the quest and his heart
couldn't help but let out a sigh of
relief so it seems that the system
didn't notice the problem and issued the
quest as usual
so that's good although Lu you also
thought that the worst outcome was to
rise by his own efforts but since he
could wool gather the system it was
natural to wool gather
ruthlessly if you have hangings and
don't use them if you don't suffer and
eat them hard that's not shabby the
rewards for this Quest weren't from the
martial arts department but they weren't
bad all the same the natural ability to
see past your eyes once he was able to
get this reward it would then be an epic
enhancement for luu's memory learning
the many things of this age will become
much easier L you loved it in a Flash
another month had passed although he
promised luu that he would find a
teacher for him but this teacher's
candidate is a problem after all luu was
only one and a half years old only this
point of age
to invite those famous teachers over is
to let people come to you with Children
Of course with the Marshall saints name
here they most likely wouldn't refuse
but Lu Chang xang also had his own
considerations he didn't want to just
find a teacher for luu since you have to
choose you definitely have to choose the
right one which inevitably means that
you have to pick and choose carefully Lu
was not able to say directly that it
would be good for Lu changing to go to
Li Guang Tha why did he want to find him
as a teacher we can only wait for L
changing to find it slowly anyway luu
wasn't in that much of a hurry in his
opinion the speed of completing the task
should not be too fast otherwise it
would be bad if the system found out
that he was wool Gathering wool has to
be gathered slowly hanging on is even
more
understated in the blink of an eye
another half a month the season has
entered the winter luu teacher choice is
finally
finalized liwang Thai it's still him in
the end luu was listening to Lu Chang
Chang and by yuya's chat when he heard
the name I think lwan is good what do
you think
originally I wanted to hire jingwan
Chang she is very famous and after
hearing that I was looking for a teacher
for you she even recommended herself she
was too
proactive I didn't want her instead Lu
chang chung opened his mouth and said is
it bad to take the
initiative other people have taken the
initiative and you resented instead
bayyo said with a smile it's not that
I'm speculating about others
carelessly I want to hire her as a
teacher I'm simply letting her be a
teacher if she wants to come over that's
not necessarily true she's a member of
the United faction I don't want my son
to somehow become a member of some
faction Lu Chang xung considered many
things I remember that Li Guai was your
college teacher by yuyo changed the
subject yeah Professor Lee's only
drawback is that he's slightly older and
his CH and blood are slipping but he
should have no problem coming over to
teach luu Lu Chong in nodded Lu you
listened to the conversation between the
two from the side and learned from them
that this teacher of his who was once a
great Master of the seventh realm of
martial arts was also a retired
professor of blue star
University and was even once Lu
changings teacher and that he was almost
impeccable in terms of both his
character and his teaching ability soon
after Lu changing clapped his hands and
decided to let lianai be luu's teacher
afterwards after hearing about Lu
changings request leuan Tha didn't
hesitate and readily accepted if he
could teach a second Marshal Saint then
leang Tha not to mention being the
number one teacher of the blue star
would not be too much to ask even if he
called himself the number one teacher of
the human race of course Liang Tha
understood that it was almost
impossible even if Lou was the son of a
marshal saint for the sake of luu's
worship Lu chaning even specially
organized a worship banquet at home luu
soon sought his first teacher in this
world it was an old man with white hair
but hail and Hardy who was currently
looking at luu with a smile on his face
luu was also sizing him up
curiously by yuyo patted his head L youu
why don't you pay your respects to your
teacher luu then bowed and performed the
disciple salute according to the
etiquette that bay yuyo had taught him
last night luu as met teacher Li Guang
Tai glanced at luu with some
surprise then turned his head to look at
Lu Chang xang this son of yours is
really
intelligent is this really 1 and a/2
years old it's really
extraordinary the mission has been
completed and you have gained the
recognition of your teacher liwang Thai
reward issued natural ability
Unforgettable L youu it's not he was
still trying to lay low thinking about
dragging this out a little longer before
he finished it who would have thought
that he would just perform the salute of
worship and before he could even show
how extraordinary he was he would have
directly completed his mission it is
also too easy luu couldn't help but
smack his lips because the system had
Advanced to 40 years
causing these quests to directly change
from hellish difficulty to easy mode a
little more wool Gathering of the system
and he's going to be
Invincible at this time Lu Chang Chang
looked at lianai and asked knowingly how
so is it very
unusual this is natural lianai nodded
normal children don't always speak
completely at this time while luu not
only speaks normally he also knows how
to salute people Lu Chang Ching smiled
and said it's just early
intelligence it's nothing you won't
necessarily become a genius in the
future please ask Mister Lee to take the
trouble lwang Thai readily agreed even
if L you couldn't achieve Marshall Saint
being a marshall Emperor no Marshall
King in the future
that would be a good story Lu Chang
Chang then left with bayu ya only Li
Guang and luu were left in the room a
normal small child would have cried long
ago when they saw their parents gone but
luu looked calm rangai stroked his beard
and squatted down to inquire little luu
can you tell me what you want to learn
luu replied without thinking I want to
learn martial arts Li Guang Tha smiled
and asked
why do you want to learn martial arts I
want to be strong getting stronger for
what share your worries with your father
who told you this I thought so myself
hearing this RI Guang Tha nodded then
said but at your current age it's not
the time to learn martial
arts why because you're too young to
practice martial arts at this time not
only will it not have much effect but
there are also side effects that will
affect your growth and development and
you won't be able to grow taller in the
future so when do I get to learn martial
arts at the very least you can't touch
martial arts until you're 3 weeks old 3
weeks old Leu felt so far away he was
only a year and a half old now luu
frowned and pondered for a while before
he spoke then I'll study
literature it just so happened that he
had been given the natural ability to
forget everything so if he used it to
learn
literature it wouldn't be a
handful chapter 8 New Year's Eve because
luu is really too small only so a little
big Li wangai naturally cannot take the
way to teach college students to teach
him this teaching method but also to
make corresponding changes the good
thing is that he is quite a few
grandchildren and even some great
grandchildren who have plenty of
experience with children and know how to
teach a small child that was precisely
why he realized that luu was not
generally
intelligent obviously only a year and a
half old but a more responsive mind than
the average four or
5-year-old for that matter it was still
luu's performance after he deliberately
kept a low
profile otherwise it would definitely be
even more amazing it was fine to show
his talent properly
but he didn't want to be that shocking
another month has passed the weather is
getting colder and colder and snowflakes
are slowly falling from the sky but the
house was still warm enough that even
wearing short sleeves felt hot luu
estimated the time it should be almost
Spring
Festival this world two has this holiday
after the New Year Lu you would be an
imaginary 3 years old even though he was
only 1 year and 7even or 8 months old
after all this time the next Quest still
hasn't triggered luu wasn't in a hurry
just follow like wangai and study every
day in this High Marshall world not only
were people's Force values
explosive even their technological
advancement was far more advanced than
in the previous World After All
Interstellar migration is not possible
for humans without sufficiently strong
technological support that's why people
in this era need to learn not only
martial arts but also a lot of cultural
knowledge it can be very hard work this
day luu looked at the snowflakes outside
the house and his thoughts drifted a bit
seeing luu in a days Li Guang Tha
stopped these days luu's rate of
progress was very fast and if it
continues like this
I'm afraid that next year he will finish
the elementary school program like
wangai had never seen such an
intelligent child a simple early Prodigy
was not enough to describe him at all
however once he thought about how
demonic a performance he was as the only
son of the Marshall Saint it all became
reasonable Lu Chang Chang was the only
Marshall Saint in the 2,000 years of the
star Marshall era how powerful should
the jeans be
isn't it normal for his children to be a
little
contrary that was all rangai could do to
convince
himself with such a statement even by Yu
ya and LU Chang xang became confident it
seemed quite
reasonable what are you thinking RI
Guang asked gently it's going to be New
Year's Eve soon is it going to be a big
one luu said the Spring Festival is
definitely very Lively it's the most
Lively Festival in Ard Dasia like gangai
said with a smile is teacher going home
luu turned his head to look at Li Guang
Tai it should be going back Li Guang Tha
stroked his beard and said thoughtfully
probably in a few days I'll go back luu
nodded and looked at Li Guang Tha over
the past month his teacher had treated
him very gently never saying a single
swear word or heavy word and his
knowledge was
incomparable no matter what questions L
you asked he was able to answer them
what if I miss my teacher during the New
Year luu said when Li Guang Tha heard
this his heart was touched for a moment
and he smiled and said you can call the
teacher on the communication phone and
as soon as the new year is over the
teacher will be back back again it won't
take many days good Lou you nodded some
more days passed in the twinkling of an
eye Chinese New Year is getting closer
and closer finally just when luu was
about to get board reading the quest was
triggered again
louu who was originally
drowsy instantly came to life even
though you have gained the approval of
your teacher Li Guang Tha this is only
the beginning you need to defeat your
childhood companion the sixth realm
Grandmaster
yaning Mission reward realm breaking
pill luu looked at the panel and
couldn't help but Furrow his brows let
him defeat sixth realm Grandmaster
yaning he's only a year seven or eight
months old you can't even practice
martial arts how do you fight nope
luu
reacted since yaning was luu's childhood
companion he should only be about 2
years old now and not a sixth realm sect
Master at all in that case the task is
again very simple I just don't know
where is this little friend y guanin
when can I see him and isn't it a good
idea to beat up kids like that no matter
for the sake of the mission reward
let's suffer him first I'll take the
blame as soon as the New Year rolled
around luu's classes stopped for the
time being and the teacher went back to
his hometown during this period of time
the Marshall Saint residence could be
described as very Lively even Lu Chang
Shang had taken the time to come back
for the New Year Lou you met a number of
cousins the Lou family is a martial arts
family Lu ch CH was the strongest
contemporary and the nominal head of the
family of course because he didn't have
the time to be any kind of head of the
family and deal with the various trivial
matters in the family so most of the
things were handed over to luu's eldest
Uncle Lu Shong to do those cousins of
his they usually lived in the Lou
family's ancestral
residence according to a cousin Lu
Shu the place was rough one10 the size
of the Marshall Saints residence sure
that's big enough and there's a private
life planet in the family and the kids
go over there all the time although that
was also from Lu Chan Chang in short luu
side was the one that was more like the
original family as opposed to the
original family a martial arts family it
couldn't be helped who made Li Chang
Shang the strongest contemporary
Lu you also asked these cousins what
strong people were on the side of this
family listening to the introduction of
those cousins in a few words Lou you
probably knew something about the
situation on this family's side there
wasn't even a single Marshall Emperor
and there was only an elderly Marshal
King sitting there Lu Chong xong on the
other hand was a young Marshall Saint
it's more than normal to have such a gap
not to mention the Lou family's own
family there was no way that any martial
arts lineage of the human Community
could be compared to a martial Saint
after that luu also got to know a group
of cousins that were relatives on his
mother by yuya's side there are also
children of friends whose parents know
them among the group luu quickly found
the name mentioned in the system Mission
yuguan Shen yuguan Ching's old man's
name was yui he was Lu changing
University classmate his realm was an
eighth realm Marshall King although
there was no way to compare it with lu
Chang xang it was a pivotal bigwig on
any Planet unlike Lu Chong xang who only
had luu as his only seedling yui had a
full compliment of six children yaning
was the youngest of his children he was
slightly older than luu and this year
was a full three years old luu sucked in
a breath of cool air when he heard this
news it was actually a 3-year-old
Powerhouse terrifying as it was this
should be considered mission
accomplished if we beat him right a
couple of previous
quests passed this one should pass as
well Lu you thought this while staring
wistfully at
yaning what next excuse will it take to
face him fair and square and then defeat
him chapter 9 a brand new Miss
L you found you guanin he sat in the
corner staring blankly at the ceiling
and wondering what he was thinking this
yaning he looks a bit dull luu opened
his mouth and asked are you yuguan Chung
when yuguan Ching heard the voice he
instantly came back to his senses and
looked at the person in front of him
nodded and said it's me luu asked again
how old are you yaning four years old
did you learn martial arts learned a
little can I see it you're not 3 years
old yet are you you can't learn martial
arts until you're three it's not like
I'm planning on learning martial arts I
just want you to show me the ropes that
won't work either you haven't learned
nothing have you of course I learned
I don't believe you if you've learned it
why won't you show it that's don't
explain you just haven't learned then
I'll show you yes little children are
little children just the simplest of all
the agitation yaning will be directly
fooled on the spot to show luu the
martial arts he learned after luu
finished reading it he immediately
said that's it it's not that good yaning
was offended at that moment do you know
who my father is how dare you say that
my martial arts are not good these few
moves of mine were taught to me by my
father good man you're a father figure
aren't you I like this part luu
immediately asked who is your father
yaning grunted and said my father father
but he is an eighth realm Marshall King
known as you Marshall King you actually
said that my martial arts are not good
luu smiled and asked then do you know
who my father is yaning froze for a
moment and also asked who is your father
luu said my father is a 10rm marshall
Saint which is just the only one in the
star Marshall calendar for 2,000 years
yug guanin
these words directly silenced yanching
dry he completely didn't expect that the
Arrogant brat in front of him was
actually that Marshall Saints only son
after a long silence yuguan Ching said
with a stiff upper lip your father is a
marshall Sage that's your father what
does it have to do with you what gives
you the right to say that my martial
arts are not very good makes perfect
sense that's not your average three or
four-year-old thinking skills anymore
luu nodded then come and fight me let me
see how good you are hearing this yaning
couldn't help but laugh out loud just
you are you afraid Lu you asked how
could I possibly be afraid of you yug
guanin glanced in his old man's
Direction deflated and said I'm afraid
of crying you out and then getting a
beating from my father that's not worth
it yanching can still distinguish
between the Lesser and the greater I
think you're just scared luu said I'm
really not afraid you're just scared
then let's have a
contest it's a deal you're not allowed
to cry good luu smiled and nodded simple
agitation once again had an effect then
the two found an unoccupied room and
began to go through the motions yuguan
Ching said to himself in his mind never
lay a heavy hand on him this one is the
only son of the Marshall Saint if he is
really injured it is not a
joke however even if you stayed strong
it wouldn't be easy to bully this little
guy you guing was very confident soon 3
seconds later yug Guan Ching who had
been knocked to the ground was somewhat
confused he was a little
unresponsive had no idea what was going
on and he was already on the ground
seems to have been beaten a moment of
being knocked to the ground how is this
possible Right must have been careless
yanching hurriedly climbed up and said
somewhat
unconvincingly you're not bad but this
time I'm going to be serious so you must
be careful oh Lu you nodded soon another
slap yaning was once again knocked to
the ground yug waning was a bit
skeptical this time he saw luu strike
just a light slap that directly knocked
him to the ground nope it's not right
something must have gone wrong somewhere
yaning stood up once more I was the one
who underestimated you this time I
definitely won't let you win easily good
luu smiled and nodded then another slap
a big Penny bucket with just the right
amount of intensity to rip off the brain
without hurting it yugan Ching's entire
body froze still want to fight luu took
a step forward with a look of eagerness
to try from birth until now this was the
first time he had ever hit someone no no
more fighting yaning shouted in a hurry
you admit defeat admit defeat
convinced
convinced good then call me Big Brother
and listen but you're younger than me
but you can't beat me but
still want a beating Big Brother good
from today
onwards you are my little brother luu
nodded with great
satisfaction by this time the mission
had naturally been completed and the
reward came straight to hand pills for
breaking the boundary level six order
quality perfect Type
consumable A effects after taking it it
can help one break through bottlenecks
and raise the upper limit of one's realm
description this is a superb Elixir but
it is not
omnipotent it is only recommended for
martial artists below the seventh realm
and martial artists in the seventh realm
and above will have minimal effect after
using it luu nodded his head after
looking at the description of this realm
breaking pill this reward it was not bad
although it was only suitable for
martial artists below the seventh realm
luu hadn't officially started practicing
yet and he didn't know when he would
break through to the seventh realm right
after luu completed this Quest the
system suddenly appeared with a new
Quest Lu you hurriedly looked at the
panel in front of him trigger special
assignment not only did you managed to
defeat you baning but you also beat him
into submission and made him recognize
you as his elder brother
this reminds you of many of your
childhood
companions next you need to gain the
recognition of more of your childhood
companions so that they all recognize
you as the leading brother Revitalize
the reputation of the sons of the
Marshall Sage 10 companions
recognition obtaining a lower grade
Heaven and Earth Treasure 20 companions
approval obtaining a medium grade Heaven
and Earth Treasure 50 compan
approval obtaining a top grade Heaven
and Earth
treasure 100 companions approval
obtaining a top quality Heaven and Earth
Treasure it's worth noting that this is
a staged Quest and almost all rewards
are available if the quest is completed
well enough the time frame for the
mission is 1 month Mission progress
1110th this mission is different from
the previous ones in that it's actually
divided into phases luu's eyes lit up at
the end of the panel the task progress
shows
1/10th that is to say as long as luu
completes this task he will
automatically enter the next stage of
the task and the system is
generous the little brother yub wanin
who has just been taken in is actually
counted in chapter 10 clarifying the
universe so far among the many missions
Lou you had
accomplished this Mission it could be
said was the most difficult one of
course it's only
relative if you put it in 40 years
there's no doubt that it must be
hellishly difficult but if you put it in
the present it's just slightly harder
than the previous task just a little bit
harder seeing Lu you with a
contemplative look y Guan Ching who was
on the side as if he had triggered his
little brother's senses hurriedly opened
his mouth and asked why is Big Brother
brooding luu turned his head to look at
yaning and spoke I want to make a great
cause to revitalize my human community
and lighten the burden on my father but
there's no way that I don't have many
people under me at all so what do you
think should be done about this is it
still hard to find
Manpower Big Brother look outside so
many guests have come today there are
big brothers
relatives and there are also Big
Brothers relatives children I think all
of them are suitable candidates ah
yaning quickly substituted into the role
of little brother and began to make
suggestions it feels strange to have one
person as a minion but if you pull a
whole bunch of people over when the time
comes if anyone doesn't come over it's
someone's problem when Lou you heard
this he gave you guing an appreciative
glance then patted his
shoulder then this task will be given to
you hauh me yanching pointed at himself
and couldn't help but feel a bit
dumbfounded what's the matter you don't
dare luu glanced at
yaning the simple provocation once again
produced an effect as yaning said
without thinking of course I dare but
only after he said that he realized
something was wrong it wasn't that
simple yanching thought for a moment and
spoke although I dare to do these things
I'm not very good at it and I'm afraid
that because of my problems I'll delay
Big Brother's big event and I won't be
able to make up for it when the time
comes it had to be said that Juan
Ching's brain was still very flexible
and was not as dull and clumsy as it
appeared on the surface luu listened to
these words pondered for a moment and
spoke this is a simple matter yaning
looked at him luu
continued you don't want to come up here
and say to those people that I'm going
to take them in as little brothers which
people will definitely be unwilling to
do yaning nodded luu
continued just tell them this
just tell them that as the Marshall
Saints only son and as the young Master
here I'm going to individually invite
them all over for dinner and drinks as a
way of thanking them for their visit and
remember not to call the adults over
when yanching heard this he
subconsciously said we can't drink can
we luu laughed are you stupid even if
you can't drink wine you can substitute
tea for wine and drinks for wine
yaning nodded I understand first trick
them over whoever doesn't worship big
brother will not be let go luu said
somewhat
breathlessly this definitely won't work
isn't this nonsense if others aren't
willing next I'll use my personal
Charisma to convince them you guing
understood at once what Big Brother
means is use your fists
luu the wood is too rotten to carve luu
didn't bother to say much and patted his
shoulder go on you tell them that I'll
be waiting for them at yagang Pavilion
guarantee to complete the task yaning
had an excited expression on his face
rather like he was about to start doing
something bad and after he finished
speaking he turned around and hurriedly
left yaning went to pull people in
while luu went to yagang Pavilion and by
the way he got someone to set up the
place for a while and get some food and
drinks over the Marshall Saints
residence was very large and there was
more than one parlor the Yao Guang
Pavilion was just one of them these
actions of luu
naturally could not be hidden from those
adults but they were not at all
concerned about luu's nonsense and were
even a bit happy to see it after all it
was good for his own son and daughter to
have more contact with the Marshall
Saints only son when Li Chang xang found
out about this he inevitably couldn't
help but treat it as a child's nonsense
and didn't try to stop it yugan Ching's
mobilization ability was good and with
luu's invitation as the young Master it
was even more like a tiger with wings
and few people did not give face in just
a moment
inside yagang Pavilion a bunch of people
had gathered luu glanced over good Lord
at the very least hundreds luu sat on
the main seat because of his height is
too short can only barely show ahead
this is really no momentum the field of
vision is not good Lou you thought about
it directly stood on the chair so it is
just right
inside the yagang Pavilion as the crowd
took their seats luu did not shy away
from the stage and stood on his chair to
look around at the crowd along with the
Gaze sweeping originally there is still
some noise in the hall but gradually
quiet down everyone looked at luu with
considerable interest yaning sat next to
luu and was even more expectant luu
thought for a moment and spoke I invited
you all to yagang Pavilion to celebrate
the Gathering of all your family and
friends here come I'll toast everyone
first saying so luu lifted his wine
glass and the people in the room
following suit similarly lifted their
glasses it's not wine in this glass
naturally but juice luu directly drank
it all in one go and everyone dried up
this juice
outside yagang Pavilion there were a few
passing Marshall Kings who saw the scene
and almost one of them didn't hold back
and laughed outright this group of
children brother the big one is about 10
years old the small one is simply only
two or three years old at this moment
gathered here to hold a banquet looks
quite decent really makes people can't
help but laugh there were also Marshall
Kings who thought of some of the stupid
things they had done when they were
young and couldn't help but lament it's
good to be young the group had a tacit
understanding none of them went over to
disturb at most they just watched from
afar after luu drank a cup of juice he
glanced at the crowd again and then
opened his mouth to ask everyone doesn't
need to be formal just sit down and eat
and drink yug guanin glanced at luu and
thought to himself
brother isn't going to do anything yet
Lu youu however glared at yuguan Chung
telling him to stay out of trouble and
not to spoil things yug waning shrunk
his neck and at the same time he was
also a bit curious as to what kind of
medicine luu was selling in this gourd
luu waved his hand and continued I heard
my teacher say something about the
current state of the human
Community as well as the situation of
War around the world and he mentioned a
lot of
drawbacks and then placed his hopes on
young people like me saying that he
could only clarify the world when I grew
up my teacher you may have heard of him
he's an honorary professor of blue star
University Li Guang Tha if Li Guang Tha
were here I'm afraid he would be
dumbfounded when did I say this how
could I possibly say that to you this
was purely
open-mouthed offthe cuff
nonsense but it was still very
convincing when placed in a group of
children after all luu had even said his
name of course there were some people
who were a bit puzzled even luu's old
man Marshall St Lu Chang xang couldn't
do it so what made him able to do it to
this luu gave an answer no matter how
powerful the Marshall Saint is there is
only one one person cannot change the
nature of the whole society it requires
the concerted efforts of a group of
people chapter 11
Stonebreaker I invited everyone here
today just to discuss great things
together all of you are the hope of the
future whether or not the future can
clarify the universe cannot be
accomplished by me alone even if I break
through to the Marshall Saint Realm I
still cannot do those my incompetent
Marshall Saint old man is an example of
that but just because he can't doesn't
mean we can't and that's the main reason
I pulled you guys over Heroes and
heroins the future requires all of us to
work together in order to clarify the
Jade change the heavens and the Earth
and make a great Endeavor that has never
been seen before I wonder what do you
guys think about this Lou you look
looked at the crowd with a burning gaze
as the crowd listened to luu's words
they were all
confused no one had expected that luu
had asked them to come over for this
clarify the world change the heavens and
the Earth and make great Endeavors that
have never been seen before what a
mind-blowing thing to do if it were some
adults who heard these words they would
most likely be indifferent or even scoff
and find them too absurd
this world how can it be changed so well
if it was a group of
teenagers at this moment most of them
felt hot blooded and could not wait to
give action but at this moment within
the ya Guang Pavilion the oldest was
just a 10-year-old kid brother the first
feeling everyone had when they heard
this was confusion the second feeling
was fun the third feeling was that it
could be with at this moment
outside the yagang Pavilion there were
Marshall Kings who couldn't help but
look at each other after hearing these
words what did he just hear these brats
want to change the sky and clarify the
Jade is this a rebellion are kids like
this
nowadays that's too much of a mental
state to be ahead of the game it's
obviously a very funny thing but it's
not even funny because
in their future they do have this
potential the person at the head was the
only son of a marshall Saint while the
others were either from martial arts
families or the sons of Marshal Kings
and martial Emperors and the worst was
the son of a great Master any one of
them when placed outside is a
significant son or a young lady let
alone a group of people gathered
together when they grow up
they will still be really
unlimited I just don't know if they will
be able to remember what they are saying
now at that time people grow and change
and even the strongest thoughts can be
loosened with them just this moment
outside to watch the parents seems to be
some more these people are also very
chicken Thief out of the Hidden figure
do not let the people inside to find the
Outside Inside The yagang Pavilion
seeing that the crowd didn't have much
of a reaction Lu you slapped the table
and asked are you all rats why don't you
all say anything the simple provocation
immediately produced an effect and
someone stood up and said I've heard
from my dad that the group Army
stationed in the Tian long Starfield has
a serious corruption problem the man who
spoke was a little chubby guy and LU
youu remembered his name chin Yun Li
come tell us luu's eyes lit up and he
hurriedly opened his mouth I have to say
the gift of
unforgettaball to my dad
I'm afraid that the number of troops
stationed on ton Longstar is only 1
million or even less than 1 million but
the number they reported is surprisingly
3,
800,000 this is an incomparably
horrifying Gap just to embezzle military
expenses drinking soldiers blood there
are quite a few people who know about
this but no one dares to poke it out one
or two are so covered up
wait until something really happens in
the future that's a Stones throw away
chin yunai even subconsciously mimicked
his own dad's tone when he said these
words these words which he had
accidentally heard were spoken directly
at this moment without much thought as
luu listened to these words he only felt
shocked to the core the system is
corrupt and riddled with ills and there
is no exception in any world in any
country this world was already 2,000
years into the star Marshall calendar
and there were sure to be countless
problems that were so intertwined and
involved that they simply couldn't be
easily solved by one or two people as
luu had said even if his dad Lu Chang
xang came it would be difficult to
eradicate it the 10 realm Marshall Saint
was indeed very strong but no matter how
strong he was he was only one person and
still seemed a bit weak in the face of
the entire system the teacher Li Kwang
taii also talked about these issues but
at the time he just mentioned them
casually and did not go any further l u
however remembered those words still he
hadn't realized that the problems had
been so
serious I can't believe I've asked such
a big thing just by casually ask asking
myself just at this time a little girl
stood out and spoke I've also heard my
father say that the biggest religion of
the great summer country the Divine
Light cult is suspected to have an
unsettling and tearing connection with
the Extraterrestrial evil God the Divine
Light cult with 10 billion followers is
spread all over the major planets if
they are disposed of the consequences
simply should not be too horrible able
because this is a major event that
shakes the foundation of the country so
we can only turn a blind eye to it and
we can only hope that that
extraterrestrial evil God does not have
any malice towards humans another Stone
Cold event that and that's just the
beginning soon one powerful secret after
another was told by these kid Brothers
in the
meantime outside the Yao Guang Pavilion
the Marshall Kings and Marshal Emperors
who were planning to watch this group of
kid Brothers party and reminisce about
their youth at this moment each and
every one of them revealed an expression
of having seen a ghost no it's even
scarier than seeing a ghost because one
thing this group of kids said was more
horrifying than the next if they were
involved even if they were Marshall
Kings and martial Emperors they wouldn't
be able to do much good originally
thought to just look at the fun at the
moment it was neither a good idea to
leave nor a bad idea not to leave
something some secret that even they
don't know yet at the moment was even by
this group of children random chat out
no no don't their parents know how to
keep something this important a secret
how can you just casually say that in
front of your own little kid don't they
realize how much of a furer this would
cause if it leaked out of course from
another point of view even if a child
says it it doesn't seem to be a big deal
for one thing children's words are not
taken
seriously secondly the major families
had completely controlled the channels
of
vocalization and even if they said it
they would not be able to spread it on a
large scale and they would even
immediately address those who attempted
to spread it making it disappear Without
a Trace but the thing is even if that's
the case you shouldn't just say it right
sure enough the world it's a giant straw
man any more scribbling will happen this
group of Marshall King Marshall Emperors
couldn't help but wonder if they should
go in and stop this party or is it here
a few more secrets chapter 12 Brave luck
suppressing Stone as one secret after
another comes to light this group of kid
Brothers Two realized that the situation
was not right they found out things seem
really Grim for the human Community now
what luu said was really not a joke not
only D yya but the entire human race had
almost reached a critical moment of life
and death if they don't step up and make
some changes the consequences will be
unimaginable inside the yagang Pavilion
the faces of a group of small children
all became somewhat
serious this look is adorable and
somewhat
hilarious however none of the Marshall
Kings and Marshall Emperors peeking
outside could laugh some of them even
got serious and wanted to see what the
youngsters chose to do inside the hall
at the of the table luu also felt that
something was not quite right and he
realized that he might have stirred up a
big blunder he let too many secrets that
couldn't be exposed come right out right
now there's probably someone out there
listening in things seem to be getting a
little dicey no luu's eyes became firm
what kind of trouble is this how far has
this gone back in the beginning he dared
to blurt out that phrase my No Good
Marshall Saint father and now in the
face of these problems these troubles he
wants to back down you've got a headache
scared
shitless if you don't even have the guts
to do that you can't even talk about
clarifying YuYu my father is the great
summer Marshall Sage luu once again
looked around at the crowd and spoke
all of you should also understand just
how bad the situation of the
Granda and even the entire human
Community is right now and understand
that my words at the beginning were not
a joke in the future we need to clarify
the Jade together as a group and change
the heavens and the Earth together only
by doing so will we the human race have
a future luu is not talented and is
willing to take the brunt of the
responsibility to bring everyone
together to change the human Community I
wonder if everyone is willing to
recognize me as a big brother and if
they are
willing together to change the heavens
and the earth when these words came out
the crowd could not help but freeze
although it was said that luu was very
powerful at this little age he had such
Insight but wasn't he a little too young
it feels weird to recognize him as a big
brother right at this time Yu Guan Ching
who had been
dumbfounded finally reacted and directly
stood up saying loudly with a serious
face i y Guan Ching am willing to
recognize you as a leading elder brother
and from now on you must lead me to
change Dasha and change the entire human
community
save the fate of
mankind when L you heard this he looked
at you baning
appreciatively not bad not bad he didn't
even remind him he knew to take the lead
in talking well done worthy of being the
first little brother he took in when the
crowd heard this it was like a dream and
someone spoke up on the spot I am also
willing I
chin y lie am willing to recognize you
as my big brother and lead us to change
the heavens and the Earth together the
little chubby pirin yunai followed and
opened his mouth just because luu
remembered his name he was willing to
follow
luu
subsequently the little girl Chu
kaning who was speaking behind chin Yu
Li followed suit with one 2 3
there would be more people and as more
and more people recognized luu as their
leader and worshiped him as their
leading brother almost everyone
subconsciously followed and worshiped
luu as their leading brother when the
crowd scrambled to follow luou was a
little happy but also felt a little
heavy it was a very strange feeling and
to be honest he didn't expect it to be
like this at first luu's thoughts were
simple
he was just trying to complete the
mission and grip the wool of the system
that's all he didn't think too much at
all but at the moment when things have
come to this point the nature seems to
have changed a bit all the things he
said all the promises he's made is it
all just a bunch of pretend he
didn't say it
admittedly he is still very small is a
small child
after the year the virtual age is only 3
years old the actual age is only 1 year
and 8 months said these words of course
cannot count can be completely when
nothing has happened turn around to
forget other people will not say
anything at most laugh at a childish
talk but in this world everything comes
with a price and the next time luu tries
to do this it will be hard for others to
recognize you
moreover luu's heart couldn't get over
it so those words those promises were
definitely not just words since he was
the only son of the Marshall Saint and
came from such a privileged background
there were certain things that were
incumbent upon him what's more he's
turned on in this way the the sky will
be changed and the Jade will be
clarified who else can do it the
moment as more and more people
recognized him after recognizing him as
a big brother lines of text kept
appearing in the light screen in front
of his eyes the first stage of the
mission is complete and you have been
recognized by 10
companions acquired a rare treasure of
Heaven and Earth Vermilion fruit
Yugo level sixth order
quality perfect type
consumable effects after taking it it
can strengthen the physical body
increase
cultivation and improve the physique to
a certain extent description 100 Years
of
leaves 100 Years of
flowers 100 Years of fruits 300 years of
a mature Heaven and Earth
wonders however it should be noted that
if the physical body is not strong
enough do not take it
casually otherwise there is a certain
probability of bursting and dying the
second stage of the mission is complete
and you have been recognized by 20
companions acquired a medium grade
Heaven and Earth Treasure pichy lucky
stone pichy Luck Stone rank seventh
quality excellent type
wearable effects a piece of heaven and
Earth generat ated by the brave pish
janun Stone has the ability to turn
Misfortune into good luck but also has
the effect of calming the house warding
off evil spirits opening up the luck and
attracting wealth and treasures at the
root of it it can increase the luck of
the person wearing it description the
brave man with different forms only in
and out only eating and not pulling the
ancient auspicious Beast this one
strangely shaped Stone vaguely has the
breath of a brave man and there seems to
be a trace of the power of a brave man's
Divine Soul this is the end of the panel
text Lou you couldn't help but stare
whom what about the top quality Heaven
and Earth wonders and the top quality
Heaven and Earth wonders how come it's
gone could the system still be
privatized luu was a bit puzzled
and after taking a closer look he
immediately knew the reason the progress
of the mission is 2350th at this moment
that is to say of these 100 people only
23 of them sincerely recognized him the
others were just following the trend
although he recognized him as his elder
brother on his lips he didn't fully
approve of him in his heart luu was
surprised but when he thought about it
carefully it was normal he just said
some words and did nothing and he wanted
to gain the recognition of so many
people and make them follow with
sincerity it was simply a fools errand
the reason why these people came here
and were willing to recognize him as
their big brother was I'm afraid to a
large extent because luu's Dad was a
marshal Saint the fact that there were
23 people who could genuinely recognize
luu as what was surprising in A Way kids
are just so easy to fool of course there
is another
possibility that is among these people
those who are considered Lu us
companions are actually not many I have
to say it's quite possible chapter 13 I
am not yet strong if I am strong there
is a change
this faring ywang Pavilion was known to
Marshall St Lu changchang in no more
than a moment Lu Chang Chang initially
thought that it was just a bunch of kids
fooling around what could be wrong is it
possible to break the sky it turned out
that this group of kids was really going
to break the sky one secret after
another is exposed it is said that
children's words are not harmful but
behind them stood a group of Marshall
King Marshall emperors
if their parents didn't say any of this
how could they have made it up
believability is simply not good enough
right Lu changing couldn't help but
cover his forehead when he heard these
news as the only Marshall saint of the
human Community usually going around to
put out fires is already very tired the
New Year's Eve this moment of effort had
thought to be able to take a rest but
the result is that this group of little
brats in the twinkling of an eye stabbed
out such a big basket their parents are
also
big-hearted and these things they can
say them in front of these children Lu
changqing was tired for a while the news
that came afterward was more than enough
to make L Chang chin cry and laugh a
bunch of
brats actually wanting to clarify the
Jade and change the sky and Earth what a
big mouth do they know what it really
means to do this
just how big a price to pay how dare
they just say something like that what
made Li Chang Ching most helpless was
that this matter was brought up by his
precious son L youu and also let all the
people recognize him as the leading
elder brother and in the future they
will follow him to change the sky and
the Earth at that time Lu Chang Chang
started cursing in his heart
normally I don't see see Lou you having
such ambition and the bottom line is
he's only 3 years old you're only a year
and 8 months old aren't you how can you
actually say something like that it's
more like being the leader of a bunch of
brats for a while Lu Ching's heart was
pounding and his mind was full of mixed
feelings even though Lu you had
surprisingly stirred up such a big
basket these were not really big
problems for Lu Chang xang he knew some
of those dirty and sorted things about
the great SI as well as the entire human
Community only this time it was poked
into the open by his own son and a bunch
of bears since this was the case Lu
chaning couldn't pretend that he hadn't
seen these things much less that nothing
had happened if he really did that he
wouldn't be able to become a 10 real
Marshall saint
now that it's known and put in the open
there has to be an accounting for it
just by virtue of the fact that he is
the great summer Marshall Saint Lu Chong
xang was inexplicably a bit relieved and
even more so he was vaguely proud as
expected he is worthy of being my L
chaning son starting to stir up the wind
and clouds at such a young age haha
there is a shadow of me back then
however since he had made such a big
mess he could not be rewarded
categorically Lu Chan Chang told by yuel
all about this news as well as this
series of events at that time by yuya's
face was a wonderful sight then luu was
out of luck that night luu's ass went
straight to Blossom let's get you
clarified YuYu make you change your mind
let you take the lead Big Brother still
fooling around BYU Yao asked angrily for
such a long time it was the first time
Lu you saw Bay yuya's angry face and it
looked like she was really angered so
her hands were a bit heavy luu took this
beating but didn't change his mind as he
raised his head and said I'm not a
2-year-old anymore you can't treat me
like a child anymore not a 2-year-old
but a
three-year-old right hearing this bayyo
was instantly infuriated and couldn't
help but ask you're so young what do you
know it's because you're Lu Ching's son
that you're exempt from the
chastisement just let me teach you a
lesson if you were someone else's son
this matter wouldn't have ended so
simply do you know what you're doing of
course I know what I'm doing BL you said
rightfully I want to share my father's
worries but I feel that there are some
things that one person definitely can't
do so I'm uniting all the forces that I
can unite all the forces that can be
United by yud ya recited these words
silently in her mind and was inevitably
a little surprised but she did not let
luu off the hook because of this just a
softer voice as he spoke it's just that
by doing this you're making trouble for
your father father not sharing his
worries can you understand that
understood luu said since you understand
then you're going to do it again in the
future by yuyo asked again could it be
that I caused all this trouble luu
raised his head and asked isn't it by Yu
ya asked
rhetorically I'm just a three-year-old
child when did I have that much power
luu spread his hands with a helpless
face by Yu Yao couldn't help but stare
and also instantly
reacted the trouble certainly wasn't
caused by luu the trouble itself was
there it's just that everyone had been
treating it as if they didn't see it and
now it was being poked out by a bunch of
kids so strictly speaking these troubles
were not caused by
luu this logic was very simple but by by
yuya was after all an adult and a
seventh realm
Grandmaster so she wouldn't be so simply
sidetracked thus ignoring luu's side of
the issue by yuyo looked at luu shook
her head and said with a smile it's not
like that what you said makes sense but
things don't work out that way how does
that work out Lou you asked there are
some things that don't weigh three tals
without being weighed
but if they are weighed 1,000 PBS can't
even be beaten by yuyo said Slowly by
yuya's meaning was more direct these
problems if left unspoken were not that
serious but once they were put in the
open it was not that simple luu frowned
and after a long time slowly spoke but
whether it's put on the counter or not
whether it's weight or not the weight
won't change by yuyo by yuyo was silent
for a long while sighed quietly and then
explained what you said makes sense but
the rules of this world's
functioning as well as the logic of its
functioning aren't that simple there are
some problems that can be solved but
there are some problems that are not
easily solved and
even if these problems are solved I
don't see that it will be a good result
the world it's not black and white it's
black and white and gray can you
understand this can you understand this
Bay yuyo looked at her son her eyes
carrying some depth she thought to
herself hell it would be strange if luu
could understand all this how could she
have said so much she really explained
it all to luu would it hurt his innocent
heart nay luu was really smart and if he
didn't break it up for him and make it
clear he really couldn't realize his
problem under by yuya's gaze luu lowered
his head and seemed to understand his
mistake after a long time he looked up
and said more firmly I am not yet strong
strong is a change chapter 14 Heroes of
dashia I am not yet strong if you are
strong you will change when luu uttered
these words bayu ya was once again
exasperated and laughed she didn't know
where he had learned these words how
dare he talk back to her like this do
you really think she has no temper at
all nah I've beaten
scolded and reasoned but luu is still so
stubborn we can't beat it up again can
we if luu had been slightly older then
he definitely wouldn't have been
merciful and would have beaten him again
the point is that luu is too young to
fight like this it was so hard to give
birth to this one child and if it wasn't
for this incident today by Yu ya really
couldn't bear to beat him so definitely
no more fighting at this moment by Yu
Yao directly left luu to reflect on
himself alone then went to find Lu chang
chung there was no way for her to
discipline luu so let Li Chang xang a
marshall Sage discipline his son
properly who knew that Lu Chang xang had
laughed extraordinarily happily after
hearing the before and after you're
still laughing Ayo looked at Lu changing
and couldn't help but feel a bit
helpless why can't I smile with such a
bare heart
my son's martial arts will be
accomplished Lu Chang Chang explained
with a smile hearing this by yuyo was
first stunned then she also
understood but she still shook her head
of course it's good to have the heart of
a naked child I'm just afraid that in
the future Yer will bump his head by
yuya's worries were not without reason
no matter how strong Lu Chang xang was
he couldn't complete completely solv
these ills so with luu being so
heartfelt it was almost predictable that
he would hit his head in the future Lu
Chong
xung however was
unimpressed which great man which strong
man did not bump his head on the road of
growth before finally achieving Fame who
can always have smooth sailing only by
going through trials and
tribulations encountering many setbacks
and then attacking them all can you
accomplish something great I'm more than
happy that luu can have such an ambition
can say such words and still have such
persistence why should I forcefully
change his ideals bayu ya finally
reacted when she heard these words if
luu was not the Marshall Saints only son
then he must know his mistakes and must
correct them
properly
otherwise his life will be in danger
but
fortunately it is preferred that he is
the only son of the Marshall Saint with
lu Chang xang standing behind him this
is something that depends on Lu Chang
xing's attitude since Lu Chang xang
didn't think there was anything wrong
with it there was nothing wrong with it
aayu ya asked quietly since you think so
why do you want me to discipline him
isn't this asking me to be the villain
Lu Chang Chang smiled and shook his head
before you go and lecture him how will I
know if his will and thoughts are firm
so you let me try bayyo stared at her
beautiful eyes inevitably some heartache
because she really beat
luua although not much force but also
let luu ass open
flowers had she known that Lu Chang xang
had this attitude she would have been
lighter on her hands no matter what
you have to clear the air with me in
advance right by Yu ya glared at Lu
chanun this matter is from urgent I
didn't talk to you didn't think it
through it's my fault Lu Chang xang
apologized by yuyo wasn't an
unreasonable person so she didn't pursue
the matter further she thought for a
moment and said so just let him toss it
around
he is after all my Lu chaning son a
child King can't he still be one Lu
chaning didn't care this is not as
simple as a child King ah by you yo side
no when I say it's as simple as that
then it's as simple as that L chong
chong continued who dares to pursue this
good who made Marshall Saint by yuyo
gave Lu chaning a blank look the nature
of this matter to say it was serious was
very serious countless shocking Secrets
came to light even if it was stabbed out
by a group of small children but after
all it was laid out in the open by
yuya's words are right there are some
things not on the scale there are no
three Tales but if on the scale 1,000s
cannot beat but Lu changing said that it
is fine that is fine all parties
everywhere no matter whether it is a
religious institution or not the
commanderin-chief of the group army or
not as long as to give him Li changing
an
explanation then this thing even if it
is over if an explanation is not given
then don't blame him l CH xong for
continuing to be more
serious as for this
explanation how exactly would it be
considered a good
explanation that was up to him L Chang
Shan it was foreseeable that the entire
Granda and even the entire human
Community would have to stir up a bloody
storm next countless benefits cut and
the source of all this comes from a
group of kid Brothers partying from the
old only son of the sage of Wu to change
the sky and clarify the Jade the first
reaction of the onlookers after hearing
the news was Marshall Saints only son
how old is he I remember he should be
very young right it was quickly answered
Marshall Saints only son just 3 years
old this year still an imaginary age by
the way but anyone who knew the cause
and effect was dumb struck in jaw
dropped one by one it was almost hard to
believe that this was the case False age
of 3 years old the actual age of 1 year
and 8 months in
general this age of the child cannot
even speak well even feces in urine
cannot be controlled it yelling to
clarify the uyu and made such a big
commotion compared to him the rest of
the world
at their age really live to be dogs of
course there are those who say it's not
that simple a child who was only a year
and 8 months old no matter how smart
could not have said those words much
less pulled off something that big this
matter may have been self-induced by the
Marshall Saint and his son was just an
excuse by which to put these things on
the table many people agreed with this
statement and there were likewise those
who opposed it those who opposed it felt
that if the Marshall Saint really wanted
to make things happen he definitely
wouldn't have made all these twists and
turns he's a 10th realm Marshall Saint
how can he engage in such nonsense with
you in any case this instant luu was
completely famous of course it was
limited to the top echelons of dashia
those at a slightly lower level simply
cannot know these things and have no
access to them there has been a flurry
of activity on the outside L youu
however did not think so much he will be
willing to follow his group of children
brother specifically pulled a group the
group name is called great summer Heroes
as soon as the group was formed the
group was instantly buzzing one by one
the sons of powerful Nobles the sons of
Marshall Kings and Marshall Emperors at
this moment unexpectedly seamlessly
transformed into a sand sculpture group
of friends message after message kept
brushing by and in the blink of an eye
it reached 999 plus luu just swept a
glance and was directly
stunned these guys they can water group
too well and many people also like to be
repeaters and copy information like
crazy Lou you was directly speechless
the nature of the world it was a
repeater right chapter 15 boiling over
turning to the third day of the Lunar
New Year according to reason Lu Chong
xong who is still free at home should
take luu to the family trip which is
considered to pay a New Year's visit
despite Lu Ching's honorable status
after all he came out of the Lou family
and there are quite a few Elders over
there who are still alive as a result
because luu had made such a big deal it
led to Lu changing having to run around
to get a claim on the New Year's Eve
which delayed some time the face of a
marshall Saint was indeed very big and
after making such a big mess even a
marshal Emperor had to give an
explanation to others but when he
switched to Lu Chang xang it turned into
is someone else having to give him an
explanation and it's still the middle of
the year so don't mention how disturbing
it can be in such a
situation it is normal for a small thing
like paying a New Year's visit to be
slightly delayed then again two days ago
at the heroes conference organized by
luu hundreds of Heroes and heroins came
among them were some of the descendants
of the Lou family no doubt each and
every every one of those kids had their
asses blown all over the place and are
still in bed to this day however their
leading brother Lu U also said that it
was precisely because of having gone
through trials and tribulations that
they could achieve better results what
is this little
setback the slightly older ones like 11
or 12 or even 13 or
14 escaped on that account because they
didn't attend the convention they were
all gloating and in their hearts they
were disdainful of what these furry
children had gotten up to all of them
have not even grown their hair yet and
they are thinking of clarifying the
world and changing the sky and the Earth
it's so almost
laughable however very soon this group
of young teenagers and young girls who
thought highly of themselves were
complained by their parents about why
they didn't enter that Heroes assembly
of luu why did they miss such a
opportunity how could they be ostracized
like this when these teenage girls heard
this they were directly
dumbfounded what does it mean to be
ostracized from the outside a group of
Brats to engage in this kind of banquet
they did not give a damn they did not
even want to participate in it well
after the fact also proved that their
choice was right in a turn of events
they stabbed such a big basket one and
all of their asses have opened up as a
result now their parents are actually
complaining about them and why they
didn't join in it's not shouldn't it be
good that you didn't join in how is it
that they made such a big deal made such
a big deal got all beat up and now
they're back to complaining that they
didn't join in do you want to hit the
kid too you're looking for an excuse
you're not even pretending anymore are
you a group of teenage girls
naturally can't understand what their
parents are thinking the parents
listened to this with a helpless sigh
and didn't say anything more a group of
kids even though they had stirred up
such a big mess and made such a big fuss
but after doing something like this
together they would definitely have a
deeper bond with each other in the
future among them they were even led by
that Marshall Saints only son to be able
to take this opportunity to have more
contact with that Marshall Saints only
son luu and to grow up together in the
future can this still be a bad thing
it's normal for these teenage girls to
be high-minded and dismissive of this
they just don't know what they're
missing out on parents can see through
some regret but it is not good to say
anything more this time and then let
their children to contact words
it will seem too
deliberate appear to be too
mercenary in turn it is the next best
thing Marshall Saints residence Lu you
looked up at Lu Chang xang dad whom why
don't we go pay our respects it's not
because of the mess you made two days
ago is it a pain in the ass Troublesome
yes but not so much for your old man
just takes a little time what did you do
with it this matter it's not how I
should handle it it should be how those
people should handle it they have to do
everything they can to give me an
explanation so when are we going to pay
our respects you want to go pay your
respects why because I haven't been
outside yet this was the truth the
Marshall Saint residence was just too
big it was was like a scaled down
version of the city it had everything
inside and usually there was no need to
go outside at all so up until now Lu you
hadn't even left the door yet is it bad
at home Lu Chang Chang rubbed his head
home is great but I want to get out
there too luu said where do you want to
go Lu Chang Ching asked with a smile I
want to go to my teacher's house and pay
my respects to my teacher luu thought
about it and casually found a reason as
an
excuse this way ah Lu Chang xang frowned
and pondered for a moment then nodded
and said it is possible to let your mom
take you over there daddy's not going
Lou you asked why did you let me go Lou
Chang xang asked
rhetorically if Dad doesn't go what if I
run into Danger out there Lu you said
rightfully your mom is a
Grandmaster she still can't protect you
Lu Chang xang said with a smile but in
the commotion I've made this time a
Grandmaster shouldn't be anything LU you
said rightfully you do realize how much
of a mess you've made don't you Lu
changing cried and laughed I've heard my
mom talk about it some and I probably
know how serious this is Lu you nodded
then do you regret it Lu chonging asked
no
regrets luu replied
decisively why Lu Chong Chang was a
little curious there were times when he
wondered what was going on in luu's
little head luu thought for a moment and
then replied when I was listening to my
teacher's lecture before I said this
sentence called a great man does
something and does not do anything
Lu changing looked at luu saying this in
a serious Manner and only felt a little
amused then continued to ask
rhetorically then do you know that for
you this is not to be done luu continued
teacher also said a sentence knowing
that it is not possible to do but to do
is the nature of a great man when Lu
Chang xang heard this he was stunned
then he touched luu's head and said with
emotion you are right these truths are
very simple to say but to really do it
is another matter you can do the unity
of knowledge and action it means that
your teacher taught you very well we
should indeed find a time to go and see
your teacher tell you what you wait a
little longer and we can go out as soon
as Dad finishes with the matter at hand
when Lou you heard this his eyes lit up
and he couldn't help but
cheer yeah finally I can go out not long
after aayu yo also knew about this she
couldn't help but say to Lu Chang xang
you're really spoiling him even taking
him out at this juncture Lu changing
shook his head and said mister Lee has
taught us well we should indeed take
some time and pay a visit chapter 16
Geniuses
demons like that of the overflowing
river the fourth day of the year luu lay
on his back by the window of the S-Class
spaceship and looked out at the scenery
as the topmost S-Class Airship even if a
marshall Emperor came over for a moment
it would be difficult to break the
airships
defense this was the current seat of the
grand SE Marshall Saint the Polaris
S-Class spaceship at the moment the
space C switched to an interplanetary
flight mode flying steadily at a very
slow speed of two 0000 km per hour at
this moment inside the Airship luu was
walking on the ground not even a hint of
shaking much less the slightest
discomfort this
spaceship what a ride for pops it's
awesome seeing luu's eyes glowing Lu
changing was is a bit pleased in his
heart your father's Airship is not bad
right Dad can I have this Airship Lu you
asked without looking back Lu Chong xang
how dare you do you know the price of
this one S-Class ship an average
Marshall King couldn't afford an S-Class
spaceship even if he dumped his family's
money into it even a marshall Emperor
would have to feel a pain in the flesh
for a long time and this one of his
Polaris S-Class spaceships was specially
built with a price tag that far exceeded
that of ordinary S-Class
spaceships and now luu even opened his
mouth and wanted to come over really not
polite at all but there's no way who
made him his son Lu changing thought for
a moment and said if you want it
naturally I can give it to you but Lu
you heard that Lu changing still had
something to say to be honest luu asked
his old man to give this spaceship to
himself just casually but he didn't
expect it to work Lu changing nodded and
said slowly if you can break through to
the sixth realm patriarch before you
turn 18 I'll give you this Airship as a
bar mitzvah luu couldn't help but open
his mouth when he heard this the system
panel had said that according to normal
circumstances when you reached the age
of 18 he would still be at the peak of
the second realm and only at the age of
40 would he break through to the fourth
Realm of the martial arts and then stop
there and now Lu Chang xang
surprisingly had allowed him to break
through the sixth realm of martial arts
and become a patriarch at the age of 18
that's a request that's simply too much
seeing luu's surprised expression Lu
Chang Ching smiled and asked you find it
difficult whom luu nodded I heard my
teacher say that at the age of 18 when
you break through to the fourth Realm of
the Marshall da you will be able to book
blue star
University which is one of the top
universities in the entire human
Community the entire human Community
with nearly a thousand living planets
and a total population of more than 3
trillion it's pretty much one in a
billion to get into blue star
University this ratio is very exag ated
without exception all are geniuses among
Geniuses whether it's natural Talent
family background or acquired efforts
it's the impeccable kind it was this
kind of top genius that barely managed
to break through to the Marshall Del
forth realm before the age of 18 you can
imagine how horrible the difficulty of
it is yet now Lu Chang xang actually
asked him to break through to the six
realm before the age of 18 to become a
Grandmaster at this realm one could
almost serve as a teacher at Blue Star
University luu's teacher who used to be
a professor at Blue Star
University was only at the realm of a
grandm don't forget that at that time
last year inside luu's Home Marshall
Emperors were everywhere Marshall kings
were as numerous as dogs and Grand
Masters were inferior to dogs but that
was in Marshall St L changings residence
if placed outside any Marshall King no
even a
grandm would be a resounding Big Shot
breaking through to a sixth realm
patriarch was really not an easy task
luu didn't just eyeball himself because
he was hung thinking that he was
destined to be invincible and would
definitely be able to break through to
the sixth realm Sovereign before the of
18 this matter was definitely not that
simple Lu chong chong watched luu's
everchanging little expression and
couldn't help but laugh out loud then
asked do you know that your father me
broke through the sixth realm at what
time whom Lu you asked with some
interest when
16 Lu Chang xang replied a 16-year-old
sixth realm patriarch luu's eyes
whitened in shock no wonder no wonder
the system panel says this at the age of
18 you are still at the peak of the
second realm of the martial arts your
Martial Arts St father recognized the
fact that you are not a martial arts
seedling and stopped the investment of
many
resources intending to allow you to give
up martial arts and pursue a life of
peace and
ordinariness but you were unwilling to
accept this Arrangement and directly
fell out with your father it turned out
that Lu Chang xang had already broken
through to the sixth Realm of the
Marshall da when he was 16 years old
such a great genius after seeing his own
son so hard breakthrough a three Realms
are a matter of trouble naturally
persuade him to give up martial arts
from the
literature as luu marveled he couldn't
help but think Lu Chang Chang this is
the proper protagonist Panela he's some
kind of big grievance kind of crappy
snacka looking at his son's wide-eyed
and shocked face Lu Ching's heart was
very self-satisfied he touched luu's
head and slowly said I don't require you
to break through to the sixth realm when
you're 16 years old I only need you to
break through to the sixth realm before
you're 18 years old how do you feel
about that L was silent for a while and
finally nodded good seeing that Lu you
had answered a smile appeared on Lu
Ching's face that's my boy luu then
asked another question breaking through
the sixth realm at the age of 16 so Dad
when you went to college what were the
expressions of those people your age
whom Lu Chang xang glanced down at luu
shook his head and said who told you
that I went to college at the age of 16
17 or 18 I went to Blue Star University
when I was 10 10 Lou youu okay the world
of geniuses was truly beyond the
imagination of a mere mortal like him
got into blue star University at the age
of 10 for a while luu inevitably thought
of some demons from his previous life
and as the population base of this world
was much larger it was more than normal
for some Supreme Geniuses to appear when
you think about it this way it makes
perfect sense s actually there have been
quite a few Geniuses like Dad who have
appeared in this world Lu Chang xang
slowly said there are even more Geniuses
than me those who have special
physiques special supernatural abilities
and arrive at the fourth realm at the
age of seven or eight or even five or
six are many as luu listened to his
dad's account his heart inevitably
became even more shot more demonic ones
actually nice guy
originally luu was still thinking that
now that he had opened up and obtained
the reverse system he would definitely
be a hit in the future and display his
extraordinary Talent as a result of this
world it was called a world outside the
sky and a world outside the people Lu
you didn't have to worry about being too
demonic at all because demonic people
who abound simply don't have too many of
them what a great time of ups and downs
Geniuses demons like the CP that passes
through the river then what happened to
them afterward Lou you couldn't help but
ask these Geniuses were either
assassinated fell halfway through the
process or became some great Masters or
Marshall Kings I guess
Lu Chang xang said lightly chapter 17
pillars of the human race such a genius
only achieves
Grandmaster or Marshall King in the end
luu blinked feeling a bit
incredulous this was a bit different
from his
expectations what do you mean by only
achieving Grandmaster and Marshall King
Lu Chang xang glanced at him showing a
little bit of tiny Talent at the
beginning in the realm of the Earth
stage of martial arts soaring forward
causing others to exclaim that they are
absolute demons surely they are the next
martial Saints this kind of person
simply don't have too many of them after
all there are so many people in the
human race and there are simply too many
so-called Supreme demons and once in a
century
Geniuses a bunch of people like that
have to show up every year universities
they treat them like babies and take
them all under their wing but in the end
of them all the ones that actually grow
up or one in a million never
underestimate a marshall King any
Marshall King is a true genius killed
from a bunch of
geniuses not that kind of pseudo genius
luu's eyes were once again refreshed as
he listened to these words he raised his
head again and looked at his own old man
then what does a marshall Saint like you
old man count as me when Li Chang xang
heard this he smiled and shook his head
I've just been slightly lucky luu was
speechless for a while when he heard
this a little bit of luck the hell with
it the so-called luck is only the humble
word of the strong other people would be
fooled and crippled if they really
believed it after all the only one
Marshall Saint in this star Marshall
Calendar's 2,000 years of time long a
just as Father and Son were chatting the
home of their teacher lwang Thai finally
arrived as a great Master's residence
the house here was still very large and
it was quite spectacular when viewed
from above only that it was a bit shabby
when compared to the Marshall Saints
residence the contrast is like the
difference between a palace and a
courtyard but the quadrangle was
certainly nice but compared to the
Palace there was naturally no way to
compare teacher like wangai had long
since received the news that the
Marshall Saint had brought his own son
to visit so he deliberately brought a
lot of people over to meet them which
could be considered a great deal of
excitement have to say a marshall Saint
personally coming over to pay his
respects how dignified must such a thing
be when
told however
Lu Chang Chang hadn't come over to pay
his respects before so strictly speaking
it wasn't his face but Lu U I heard that
he was the one who suggested that he
wanted to come over to see his teacher
and pay his respects Li Guang Tha felt a
wave of emotion in his heart soon luu
got off the spaceship and after some
pleasantries luu carried a long prepared
gift and handed it to ruang Tha
teacher I've come to pay my New Year's
greetings to you good good good Li
wangai smiled from ear to ear not to
mention how happy he was saying three
good in a row then liwai put a thick red
packet stuffed in luu's small pocket
this is the pressure money Lu you could
clearly feel the heavy weight of this
Red Envelope the teacher is really
generous that said to the old man Lu
Ching's character should not be so dry
to confiscate the operation of the New
Year's Eve money but the mother by yuyo
is not
necessarily women always think too much
consider too much if we really
confiscate his yearbook money we won't
have any funds for activities
afterward ah how can we still have the
heroes convention such thoughts flashed
through luu's mind next the teacher gave
luu and LU Chang xang a brief
introduction to his family nice guy not
to mention grandchildren and
great-grandchildren the teacher actually
even had great great
grandchildren that's called a crowd
pleaser at the moment there were
hundreds of immediate family members who
came this way alone and everyone wanted
to see the Marshall Saint if if you
count the ones who didn't show up there
were definitely thousands of them this
is actually normal for many of the older
Patriarchs a sixth realm patriarch could
live for 180 years while a seventh realm
Grand patriarch could live for at least
300 years although in his later years
his CH and blood declined and he was in
much worse shape than before his life
expectancy did not diminish and a great
master who had accumulated ated wealth
for so many years was absolutely
terrifying feeding a large family can be
a breeze many martial arts families
that's how they came to be for
Generations it has been
accumulating including the Lou Family
actually if luu's Dad wasn't a marshall
Saint just a
Grandmaster or a marshall King then he
would be living in the Lou family's
original home the teacher lwang Thai
married three wives not
polygamous rather he is a great master
and can live for 300 years but his wife
cannot the years went by time went by
the original wife died even their son
died but he was still alive what a
lonely thing that is in those lonely
times lwang Thai meets a woman who looks
very similar to his original wife A Love
Affair was formed between the two and a
great family was born hearing this Lou
you couldn't help but think Mom by yuyo
is a great master and can only live for
300 years dad is a martial arts Saint
how long can he live at least a thousand
years right maybe if in the future
you'll have to endure such loneliness
too until you find that one similar
flower no at a realm like Marshall Saint
one should be able to find some life
extending Treasures that would allow one
to live longer but should probably not
survive to the end together at this
moment Lu changing side surrounded by a
circle of people although the teacher
like Guang Tha also
reprimanded but could not resist that
they are really too
enthusiastic they all want to find Lu
changing to ask for an
autograph the scene was like the most
Ardent fan who had finally met his Idol
it's even a bit more
exaggerated after all idols and whatnot
were simply not enough to be compared to
Marshall St Lu Chang xang in the entire
Granda when Lu Ching's popularity was
said to be second then absolutely no one
dared to say first facing these people
Lu Chang xang didn't show any
impatience instead he was very cordial
and gave autographs to all of them after
all in a way he became so strong to
guard these ordinary people seeing this
scene luu suddenly asked
teacher how long can a marshall Saint
live ha upon hearing this question RI
guantai froze then slowly said I'm
afraid that only the Marshall Saint
himself knows this
question however at a conservative
estimate it will live for about 2,000
years at the very least 2,000 years luu
couldn't help but be a little surprised
when he heard this reply so long Le
guantai couldn't help but glance at luu
the son with filial piety and said with
a smile it is a blessing for all human
beings to have such a marshall Saint in
diaa no the entire human Community
you're still young I'm afraid you're not
too clear about it back some years ago
before your father had risen to power
the great s and even the entire human
race didn't have the peace and quiet it
has now
now however it has become relatively
much more peaceful and backwaters such
as blue star have not been at War for
many years this is all thanks to the
Marshall Saint he is the pillar of the
entire human race chapter 18 attacks and
defenses change form while luu was
talking to his teacher Li Guang Thai not
everyone's eyes were on Lu Chang xeng
there were also some people that looked
at luu curiously a few days ago after
after the old Master returned he said
more than once that he had never seen
such an intelligent child as luu truly
worthy of being the son of a marshall
Saint so they were a little curious
about how smart this Marshall Saints
only son really was seeing it now one
couldn't help but look at each other is
this really a
three-year-old or is it an imaginary age
talking so clearly thinking so fast
being able to express his thoughts
accurately and even deriving some topics
not to mention 2 or 3 years old even if
they said seven or 8 years old there
were people who would believe them it's
pretty
extraordinary these people didn't know
that during the New Year's Eve luu had
stirred up such a big basket almost
breaking the sky so at the moment they
were just focusing on their surprised
mannerisms
in that case even li Guang had only
smelled something out of place and
didn't know the whole story and the rest
of them would have no way of knowing
next luu and LU Chang Shang were
welcomed to their home and received a
warm reception from their teacher luu
didn't treat himself as a guest and
after eating and drinking he followed a
group of children around once again he
played up his social bull nature to to
be the child King of the group and make
them recognize him as the leader of the
pack although luu's identity is
outstanding is the only son of the saint
of martial arts but this group of
children also want to save face the
moment you come up to recognize you as a
big brother naturally it is
impossible luu then told them a story a
story of
Genius as we all know the entrance
standard of blue star University is to
break through to the maral D forth realm
before the age of 18 at this age someone
with such a martial arts cultivation was
without a doubt a genius among
Geniuses these words which caused the
crowd to agree an elder Li also said
these no problem the next thing L you
said caused a sensation in this group
for example what terrifying demon at the
age of five or six could arrive at the
fourth realm but this was nothing at all
it was not a true genius at all every
year this kind of demon could be said to
be endless it was nothing at all the
human Community with a population of
several trillions of people there were
simply not too many of these so-called
demons most of them had fallen and even
if they hadn't died
in the end they were only a marshall
King but for many years there was only
one 10 realms Marshall Saint that's the
gold of Lu Chang xang as for him Lu U he
had been given High Hopes by his old
Marshall Saint father that he would
break through to the sixth Realm of the
Marshal da before he turned 18 to become
a
patriarch in the future he was also
going to arrive at the Marshall Saint
Realm even breaking through to above
Marshall Saint blue is better than blue
and that's what he needs to do these
grandiose words LED these brats into a
days and each of them looked at luu with
glowing eyes in the
meantime not far Lu Chong xong who was
talking to Li Guang Tai was speechless
for a moment when he heard these words
because these words these contents were
for what he himself had said to luu on
the spaceship in order to make luu quit
being arrogant and impatient and at the
same time to open his eyes letting him
know that there is a sky beyond the sky
and there are people beyond the people
even if a short time made some small
achievements it's no big deal the road
of the martial artist is still far away
who knew that in the blink of an eye he
was would use these words as a talking
point and begin to snub his teachers
Offspring have to say that little bugger
he's quite a talent these words this
story about a
genius without a doubt directly
conquered the group of Brats making them
willing to recognize luu as their
leading brother after this luu even took
out the New Year's money he had just
obtained and had bu quite a few snacks
and drinks over a large group of kids in
style then started the party luu then
sat on the upper seat and accepted the
bragging from the crowd it was a
good-sized party with an even wider
variety of snacks it's kind of like that
some of the slightly older kids who were
too old to fit in looked
envious at the banquet there was no s
and dancing simply enjoying themselves
and there was no situation like the last
one where all kinds of secrets were
shaken out after all they were only the
descendants of their teacher like Guang
Thai and didn't know that many secrets
yet and luu had learned his lesson from
the last time
therefore what the people were
discussing at this banquet was not about
the institutional Corruption of diaa and
the human Community as a whole but about
the foreign races and the war situation
of the evil God
races that makes it relatively safe
there are some people who have actually
heard something about this an 8-year-old
child named Liu spoke up I've been
watching the news for the past few days
and there's news about the loss of the
battlefield in the timma Starfield
that's the Extraterrestrial evil God
with the name star swallowing God and
all the evil God familiars under his
command launched a general attack on the
human Legion stationed in the tanma
Starfield and because it was too sudden
the situation over there is very bad
when these words came out the crowd
burst into chatter I've heard about it
too before this star swallowing God who
has always maintained a neutral attitude
with the humans I don't know what
happened and suddenly turned against
them these extraterrestrial evil Gods
none of them can be trusted it's a
normal situation for them to turn
against us also I've recently heard that
the northern border
Battlefield over in the great dog
Starfield is also Waging War the people
were talking each saying the news while
Lu you listened
carefully prior to that he had very
little exposure to this aspect of the
news of course of course it is more or
less comical to have a bunch of hairless
children discussing War matters here
however Lou you didn't see anything in
it who says kids can't discuss world
affairs not to mention a bunch of kids
from the Star Wars era it's normal to be
a little
precocious The credibility of this
information though remains to be tested
but it doesn't stop people from blowing
their minds this time luu glanced at the
panel's quest progress sure enough it
shows
3050 Mission progress bar added seven
points next he only needed to obtain the
approval of 20 more future
Companions and he would be able to
obtain the top grade Heaven and Earth
wonders there's less than a month to go
and I don't know if I'll be able to
finish absolute great Heaven and Earth
wonders
luu didn't dare to count on it but this
upper great Heaven and Earth wonders he
could still make an effort amid great
Heaven and Earth Wonder had obtained
such a good treasure as the pixil luck
suppressing Stone how powerful could a
top grade be it's really something to
look forward to after a discussion of
military matters the guys eventually
came to a
conclusion that's the general situation
for Humanity at the moment and it's not
too good despite what the teacher had
said before pops luu Chang Shang had
risen to power Humanity had been far
from peaceful and Nows had become
relatively
peaceful this
peace however is only
relative not that one can really rest on
one's Laurels after all the human race
only had one martial Saint the expansion
of the human Community to its current
level can be said to be surrounded by
enemies and can only be passively
defended luu dried a mouthful of juice
and said with great pride when I grow up
I'll make him attack and
defend just then the system Mission
triggered again you managed to gain the
recognition of some of your childhood
companions becoming their leading elder
brother barely for the son of the
Marshall Saint restored some Fame but
this is far from enough the next you
need to continue to grow your
reputation so that more people see you
so that everyone knows once the son of
the Marshall Saint back please gain 1
billion reputation points Mission reward
Dragon Tiger golden
Elixir ha we haven't even finished the
last mission yet and we actually have
another one luu looked at the words in
the light screen in front of him
he had always thought that this Quest
was just a single line quest but he
didn't realize that there was actually
another
Quest however this Mission seems a bit
difficult 1 billion reputation points
it's really a bit of a stretch but the
rewards for the quests are equally
generous Dragon Tiger golden pill the
name alone tells you it's
unusual chapter 19 I want to control the
world's troops and horses a group of
children hosted a banquet
enthusiastically discussing Foreign Wars
and Military Affairs and Li Chang Chang
had a headache just from looking at it
he could finally be sure that the other
day when he stirred up such a big basket
it was really his own son's
handiwork can't really blame anyone on
the side liwai thought this was
interesting he saw nothing wrong with it
at a young age
worried about the country and the people
there is such a sense of Crisis no why
practicing martial arts what's wrong
with it liwai felt that luu had really
listened to what he usually taught him
and was quite pleased at the moment Lu
Chang xang glanced at Le guantai and
seeing this expression on his face he
couldn't help but say
teacher ah you don't know what a big
deal This Little Child made a few days
ago oh what else can he make a mess of
when Li Guang Tha heard this he was not
very convinced Lu Chang Chang then
briefly talked about what happened a few
days ago Li Guang Tha was directly
silenced by the dry after hearing this
the gazes that looked at luu again all
changed a bit no wonder you're so
skillful at opening Banquets at the
moment so you've had
experience a basket case that big is
scary to think about let's just say what
a son Li Guang Tha said with emotion I
remember when you were young the things
you made a mess of were not small at all
right Lu chaning nodded slightly any one
of the Marshall Emperor are from the
mountain of blood see kill out offend
people that is simply a common
occurrence right it is simply not too
common
not to mention him a marshall Saint so
Lu Chan Chang was quite calm about luu
messing things up he wasn't afraid of
luu causing trouble he was afraid that
he didn't even have the ability to cause
trouble how could his son Lu Chong xong
be that kind of
incompetent after going to his teacher's
house luu realized that the situation of
the human Community today was not
optimistic ah on this side of the blue
star it was still safe but if he left
the blue star with luu's status as the
Marshall Saints only son he was afraid
that he would be attacked in minutes
sure even if it was an attack most
likely it wouldn't be
life-threatening after all those foreign
races wouldn't dare to Bear the wrath of
a marshall saint but using it to
accomplish something is still a sure
thing although as a three-year-old child
it was still a bit too early to start
worrying about the country now but he
was after all the only son of the
Marshall Saint so there was no excuse
for him to think about it more and in
the future he would eventually have to
grow up and luou you found a very
serious problem that's according to the
system panel he was infected with an
alien virus at the age of one and fell
sick at the age of three
he detected that his root bones were
strangely poor and only at the age of 12
did he break through the second realm of
the wow and after that he was even more
so at the age of 28 before the Third
Realm of the wow and only at the age of
40 before the fourth Realm of the wow
logically speaking as the only son of a
marshall Saint and with his mother being
a
Grandmaster his qualifications could
never be so poor in here there might be
the shadows of those foreign races and
even those evil gods that big illness a
few months ago may have been their
tactic even more so after that it wasn't
that luu thought too much this thing is
indeed strange it's worth
scrutinizing there might even be
something wrong with it thinking of this
luu subconsciously looked at Lu Chang
xong wanting to talk to his old man
about his speculation but on second
thought he thought that there was no
reason for Lu changing to be unaware of
a problem that even he had thought of
maybe start checking it out when you're
sick yourself it's too late for myself
to react to the fact that something is
wrong later that night after luu
returned home he sat on the crib holding
onto the railing and thought seriously
about the future of this dasha and even
the entire human
community beyond that is what is the
fastest way to gather those companions
approval and how to get a billion
reputation points what a headache he had
some vague Thoughts by Yu ya luu
pondering and sced in Surprise what are
you thinking about I'm thinking about
big things luu said thinking about big
things by yuyo
froze yeah
I realized that the
Granda and even the entire human race is
not considered safe luu's delicate
little face was serious and the current
diaa as well as the human Community is
full of ills there are very big problems
what are you going to do then bayu ya
asked with a smile I'm too young only 3
years old I have no strength and no say
it's hard to do anything I can only
think about how to do it in the future
luu said then thought for a moment and
continued but I am the son of a marshall
Saint although others can underestimate
me they cannot underestimate my father
so I can use my dad's voice to have some
say what about after having the power of
speech bayyo looked at luu with a
surprised expression he was so small
but he actually knew how to utilize the
power with the power of speech you can
try to solve some problems such as those
raised at our family banquet earlier luu
said
seriously that won't do that's not
something the current you can touch
hearing this by yuya's face changed at
that moment it wouldn't be fun if this
aspect was involved of course I know
this Lu you not Ed even with the help of
my father's reputation as a marshall
Saint no one else will care about me one
of these days I'm going to you want I
want to control the world's armies by uo
Lu Chong xong as the grandia Marshall
Saint and also the nominal Supreme head
of the
Granda had a monstrous amount of power
in his hands and was definitely more
than just a martial artist and a sing
strong man but even Lu Chang xang was
unable to control the world's soldiers
and horses to make an analogy Lu Chong
xang the martial Saint was like the
Emperor of an ancient Dynasty seemingly
Supreme and
exclusive but in reality the operation
of society was not as simple as that the
so-called court is just a couple of
palaces and a couple of Yaman and the
meal is still served in separate pots
the distribution of the many benefits is
subject to constant gaming no one is
naturally deserving of a larger share
and no one is naturally deserving of a
smaller share just because you're the
emperor just because you're the son of
Heaven you want to be all things to all
people it's just a kid's idea it's not
even possible in
reality so-called Power by its very
nature is never top down but bottom up
of course it's just a metaphor Lu Chang
xang was not an emperor and the diaa of
this world was likewise not an ancient
Dynasty the real situation is many times
more complicated than this
analogy in the face of luu's ambition by
yuyo said your young age canot change
some other Hobbies like other children
watch educational cartoons and later
drawn to help the weak and strong to
punish the wicked and evil not good auu
ya could only lament that jeans were
simply too
powerful this child worthy of being the
seed of a marshall Saint was born
different from others luu ignored bayu
Ya's sentiments he had discovered that
bayu ya wasn't too interested in these
things she was good at everything just a
little too simple would have relied on
her now it feels a bit unreliable again
hey it's really sad
luu who was sitting in the crib couldn't
help but sigh by yuyo gave him a
sideways glance not knowing why she felt
as if she was being
despised is this little guy getting an
itchy ass again should we beat him up
again before he takes control of the
world's armies chapter let him see the
world it had to be said that bayu Ya's
reaction was indeed half a beat slower
and it took a while before she
understood luu's idea you want to go
into
politics bayyo looked at luu in Surprise
and couldn't help but ask pretty much
luu nodded not by yuya's scalp tingled a
bit as she couldn't help but spit out
how old are you and you want to go into
politics and
even if it does come to pass who's going
to listen to you a yellow mouth even if
you are the son of a martial Saint your
age is just too young people will just
take your words as a joke Lu you looked
helplessly at byou Ya didn't I just say
this that's why I was originally relying
on you mom for help but after I thought
about it I feel as if you can't be
relied upon by Yu ya realized that her
hunch just now was correct one is truly
despised by yuo felt her hands itching a
bit but she held back you have to know
that you are the son of a marshall Saint
you only need to think about how to
become stronger that's the number one
priority you definitely can't be delayed
because of these little things luu
couldn't help but sigh once again when
he heard this what are you sighing for
again Again by yuyo glared at luu is
there anything wrong with me saying this
mom what you just said it's like you
just need to study hard you'll
definitely be successful in the future
don't put off studying because of other
little things but whether it's studying
or practicing martial arts what is it
for and you haven't considered it Lou
woke up and drifted a bit looking at
bayu Ya with a hint of hatred in his
eyes oh mother you are too simple then
again did Dad see you as such an
innocent in the first place that he
became married to you generally speaking
as the wife of a marshall Saint it's
absolutely not right to have such a
shallow cognizance of these things
possibly Lu you was beaten before he
could finish his words the is blooming
again luu is hard to wow and there is
nothing to be done about it who made him
so small it's true that all children are
the same Under the Sun of course he said
it so bluntly and sure enough it still
doesn't work so next time we'll have to
be more
euphemistic no it's wrong by Yu Yao
glanced at luu got it luu said in a
hurry tell me where did you go wrong by
Yu Yao asked
coldly well this question directly Lou
you dry silence I see you still don't
know where you're wrong by yuyo snorted
coldly and prepared to continue no I
know luu said in a hurry whom by yuyo
let out a nasal sound
mom you are a great Master a how could
you not know all this just don't take it
seriously with me as a little kid think
I'm fooling around Lou you hurriedly
said but I actually got carried away and
actually thought it was mom who was too
simple it really shouldn't be whom by Yu
ya nodded then seriously
educated it's good that you have an idea
but you definitely can't put your mind
on it but I have not yet reached the age
of three I cannot yet practice martial
arts it is not Idol said luu
pitifully this is indeed a problem
generally after reaching the age of
three the root bones are tested and then
martial arts training can begin so
before that luu couldn't practice
martial arts even if he wanted to it
would seriously affect the body's
development in growth the average child
at this age is still playing with mud
and does not have this trouble luu
actually wants to go into politics by
yuyo is also powerless to spit you're so
young and besides being in politics
isn't Fun Bay yuyo said in a serious
tone I'm not doing this for fun but for
diaa for the human
Community luu was full of passion and
righteousness Bay yuo immediately felt a
headache she realized that this son of
hers over the past few months seemed to
be progressing just too fast you haven't
learn to walk yet and you're thinking
about flying but the thing is fighting
doesn't work either the hand is light Lu
you does not matter at all the real hand
dead beat work
she cannot give up after thinking about
it bayu Yao glanced at luu it's not for
me to decide you have to ask your father
about such important matters he's the
head of the family Lou you wanted to say
I know you can't decide but after
thinking about it he still didn't say it
and instead said this I just want you to
support me Mom bye yuyo she she was a
little torn logically speaking one
should never agree to such a ridiculous
thing but luu was so
insistent one couldn't extinguish his
unrelenting momentum could one by yuyo
thought for a second it's good to let L
you see it let him know ahead of time
that the world doesn't work as simply as
he thinks it does as long as you don't
fool around and are
obedient I can take you to see the world
by Yu ya finally went
soft yeah luu couldn't help but cheer
out then hugged by Yu Yao mommy's the
best bye yuyo to be honest the moment
she said yes to him she regretted it a
little seems like it shouldn't be so
Hasty but then again really letting him
be a three-year-old in
politics how is that possible just
taking him to see the world and know how
the country
dashya is run that's all in fact luu
didn't really want to go into politics
he was just taking this opportunity to
build up his reputation value and see if
he could complete the system Quest a
billion reputation points is too hard
though but for the sake of that one
Dragon Tiger golden pill one had to try
anything after bayu ya told Lu Chang
xang about this matter Lu Chang xang was
surprised remembered that before in the
teacher house this little guy pulled up
a large group of people and organized a
banquet it was called a waving in
pointing it seemed perfectly normal for
him to have these
thoughts however Li Chang xang felt that
there was nothing wrong he was already
occupying great power and although he
was usually just
decentralized it didn't mean that just
because he spoke it didn't matter and by
yuyo this Marshall Saint lady was
likewise the same there is nothing wrong
with letting by yuyo take luu attend
National meetings go on TV and see the
world after all he is my Lu Chang
shing's son
originally Lu Chang Shang hadn't had
this idea a now that I think about it
it's not a bad idea with that the matter
was decided in a
Flash that night Heroes of dashia chat
group suddenly someone spoke you guys go
watch
TV someone quickly replied another new
cartoon no you'll just have to go and
see the news station live those words
instantly aroused the Curiosity of many
people what's wrong watching the news
did something big happen does it say
these people thought about the other day
they attended the banket stabed out a
big basket for a moment some Panic if
things get more
serious they might even get a beating
one by one they turned on their TVs and
turned to National television and then
they saw this scene their leading
brother l u who had just turned three
this year was sitting in the main seat
of the conference Hall waving toward the
camera at this instant everyone couldn't
help but stare in
disbelief chapter 21 there's no such
thing as an idiot Marshal artists are
not Reckless Marshall cultivation is a
process of physical refining one realm
practices skin and flesh the second
realm forges the muscles and Bones three
Realms of refining the viscera the four
Realms change blood the five Realms cast
a golden body the six Realms condense
the Dharma on the path of
cultivation almost every realm of
advancement was a full sublimation of
the physical body as the physical body
is in the process of
sublimation the spirit is also being
quenched
like the unforgettable talent that luu
had acquired for a sixth realm
patriarch it would be a basic ability
not to mention the grand Masters
Marshall Kings and even martiall
Emperors in the back it would be a big
mistake to treat martial artists as
Reckless the reality could be said to be
the exact opposite the more powerful the
martial artist the greater the brain
area broadness so those dignitaries who
dealt with the country's big and small
Affairs were basically some powerful
martial
artists that's normal after all there
were 688 living planets under the rule
of diaa and all sorts of big and small
governmental Affairs were like
astronomical numbers even with the
assistance of artificial
intelligence without the physical
strength and energy of a martial artist
Ordinary People simply couldn't handle
it sure
when martial artists were strong to a
certain extent they were not interested
in these political
Affairs after all a grandmas would be
able to physically walk in a vacuum
strong martial artists are basically
pursuing the limits of life from a
practical point of view breaking through
to the next realm would give you quite a
few more years of life if we waste our
time on those political Affairs we will
be putting the cart before the horse
so those dignitaries who were in charge
of handling the Affairs of the state of
diaa were generally sixth realm
Patriarchs while the stronger ones were
seventh realm Grand Masters a marshall
King realm Powerhouse would be a rare
find this creates a very awkward
situation even Grandmaster
powerhouses who were in charge of ruling
the state government of the
grandia did not dare to easily offend
martial Emperor powerhouses or even the
families of Marshall Emperor
powerhouses for example on the day of
New Year's Eve luu hosted a hero's
convention at his home bursting out with
many Secrets a secret that a bunch of
kids know don't those at the top who are
in charge of dasha's political Affairs
know about it no they know this
information better than anyone it's just
that they're really bad at moving a
marshall Emperor realm Powerhouse could
destroy a planet with a a serious strike
this is the core of the human war effort
it is also the Mainstay of the fight
against the Fay and against the evil God
regardless of whether it was the
Granda or the human
Community these top powerhouses were
needed to stand at the Forefront of the
fight against the foreign races and evil
Gods these top
powerhouses since they pay so much that
privilege aspect
naturally is essential
the top echelons of dashia of course had
the ability to punish their families and
those charges that were pursued were not
forgeries but so what we all know very
well what is more important if it
completely chilled the heart of a
marshal Emperor and caused him to defect
out then neither desion nor the entire
human Federation would be able to Bear
the loss not to mention almost every
Marshal emperor had their own people in
the high level Circles of the great SE
political Affairs or perhaps some of
them were supported by a marshal Emperor
to get to this position various factions
many interests are involved the water
inside is really too deep this has also
led to a situation where many policies
even if they are beneficial to the
country and the people are not well
implemented out the constraints are just
too many and the TR should not be too
much which has almost become a mess and
you can't even think of cutting it down
quickly but the question is what happens
after the quick cut will there really be
a good outcome this is something that no
one can
guarantee so even if Marshall St L
changan had the ability but he didn't
end up doing that this also made many
reformers sigh with regret they firmly
believe that if they get the support of
L Chang xang under their reform the
country of Dasha will definitely be
revitalized nay the Marshall Saint
didn't even look at them and there was
nothing they could do about it yet today
upon seeing that Lu Ching's son Lu U had
actually appeared in the Dasha high
level Circle these people's eyes
instantly lit up and they all gathered
around to get on good terms with luu in
the face of luu these people's words and
behaviors appeared extraordinarily
humble trying their best to cry favor
and in the face of bayu ya the same was
true all sorts of
benefits as if they didn't want to pay
money to promise out as long as Bay yuyo
agreed no matter what the conditions
were they could agree in the face of
such a battle a Yu ya certainly wasn't
overwhelmed by the benefits if she was
so easily bried then she wouldn't have
become the wife of the Marshall Saint
after rejecting all of them these people
left with some regret but did not give
up since giving outright favors doesn't
work what about a different approach
later it might be possible to win over
luu insecure by Yu Ya's support thus
getting the support of the Marshall St
Lu changing behind him although it is
said that such a tactic is slightly
underhanded but as long as it was for
the ultimate goal for the reform of
dashia as a nation it was worth whatever
attempts they made it was what they
believed in and what they fought for and
it could even be said that it was the
only thing they lived for as long as
they could revolutionize and Revitalize
dashia they would do whatever they had
to do even if it meant death for then my
heart and my actions are as clear as a
mirror and what I do is righteous even
if the means are dirty it's worth it
after these people leave bayyo looked at
luu and asked with a serious face do you
know why they are so humble because I'm
the child of a marshall Saint L you
pondered whom by y ya nodded but it
doesn't stop there they're the in ation
sect they Advocate reforms for the
grand which inevitably requires strong
support but sadly behind them there's
only a single Marshal Emperor so they
can't even become a climate because no
one supports them Lu you asked no there
are many people who are willing to
invest in them including many martial
Kings and even martial Emperors by yuyo
said slowly then why don't they accept
the support of those martial Emperors
and martial Kings since they need
support L you asked in a somewhat
strange manner that's naturally because
if they get the support of those martial
Emperors and martial Kings then they
will inevitably have to take
responsibility for the forces behind
them and in that case the so-called
renovation faction will become a
complete and utter joke by Yu Yao
patiently
explained that's why they decisively
rejected the support of those Marshall
Kings and Marshal Emperors luu listened
to this explanation and instantly
understood the twists and turns he
nodded so that's how it is then they are
quite bold I had thought that they were
just sick fantic villains wanting to
flatter the Marshall Saint and hugg
their thighs that's why they had that
kind of face I didn't expect them to
have that kind of ambition bayu ya
looked deeply at luu and said seriously
you have to remember one thing there
isn't a single stupid person in the top
echelons of the dignitaries of diaa even
if they did something stupid there must
be a deeper reason behind it chapter 22
the most disabled disciple luu nodded
under by Yu Ya's
introduction he was barely aware of how
deep and treacherous the water was in
this circle of the Dasha political scene
the major factions are involved
unionist
conservatives the main war party local
Pi
renovationist Marshall sacred sect and
so on and so forth after all there were
too many great sea ruling planets 688 of
them every living planet has to involve
countless
interests as well as countless
entanglements the political Affairs of
these Affiliated planets were partly
ruled
autonomously and partly needed to be
reported to the blue star so that the
higher echelons of dasha's political
Affairs would be responsible for
handling them this also led to the fact
that the situation in the capital star
blue star was complicated to the point
of making one's head spin by Yu Yao just
briefly introduced it talking about
close to 100 power factions and the
struggle between these factions is by no
means a peaceful passing of the buck the
shiny surface can be characterized as
dark and crisis ridden listening to the
presentation luu sort of understood why
bayyo opposed his participation in
politics the water it's too money for a
little kid like him to get in sure it
wasn't that luu didn't have a bit of
strength quite the opposite as the only
son of the Marshall Saint luu had
rightfully become the Crown Prince of
the Marshall sacred faction and with lu
Chang xang at his back as long as luu
was willing The Voice he could make was
actually not small who dares to mess
with him in a more serious
situation regardless of any faction any
power they all have to give him a face
not giving face to L you was not giving
face to Lu Chang Chang but and that's
exactly what happened
a very large number of well-meaning
people had their eyes on him he wanted
to use luu and the power of Lu chaning
to accomplish his goal the
renovationists before them could not
have been a better example as long as
luu was here there would be no shortage
of such things seeing luu's tiny face
looking pensive by Yu ya smiled and
asked what's wrong afraid not afraid
afid luu raised his head and spoke but
you're right the situation here is
chaotic so maybe without realizing it
we'll fall into someone else's trap and
be sold by these supremely smart people
and have to count the money for them
it's good that you know by youu ya
nodded
inside these people's hearts are so
black even though what they do is for
the sake of the country I don't like it
in such a way but they also have their
difficulties and couldn't do anything if
they weren't like this and that in turn
is why I'm reluctant to set foot on this
side while I do realize that power abhor
a vacuum and that if I don't come over
naturally some people are coming to take
their place I just don't like it Lu you
couldn't help but nod as he listened to
these words HEK the one who's
overthinking things he was the one who
thought of his mother as too innocent
come to think of it in the previous life
Earth just a planet had so many
countries so many things to do and so
many Heroes and
heroins in this world where the great
sea ruled over 688 living planets the
many things were more than just a little
bit more
complicated in such a case l wants to
change the sky and Earth but also wants
to clarify the Jade it is really not
generally difficult it's harder than
going to heaven a Grandmaster would be
able to physically step into the
universe with his current
qualifications it was no longer a
problem for him to become a great Master
just this way is it true that the
greatness that was blown down in the
beginning can't be
realized no not yet the coming days are
long it is too early to conclude that it
will not work thinking of this luou U's
eyes brightened once again and he was
not discouraged by it he was open and
turned on the reverse system 40 years
ahead of schedule there are some things
that you can't do now that you won't
necessarily be able to do later at this
stage the most important task was to
obtain 1 billion reputation points how
should this be done since I'm over here
I'm sure I'll be able to be on TV but
I'm afraid I won't be able to gain that
much Prestige value if I don't show some
performance by yuyo had been thinking
since luu has seen so much and knows the
complexity of this
Society he should be beating a
retreat right however after seeing luu's
small face which was not even a little
bit
discouraged he could not help but be
stunned
nice guy instead of being
discouraged they jumped at the chance
it's really worthy of being Lu Chang
shing's son it's really like him he's
not afraid of the sky or the Earth after
roughly understanding on by yuya's side
luu quickly found the person in charge
of the Marshall sacred sect it was a
middle-aged man named
shonza a cultivation at the Marshall
King realm was extremely rare in the
entire diaa hierarchy AR he was one of
Lu changings
disciples according to him it is among
the few Disciples of the Marshall Sage
he was the most dispossessed one after
cultivating for so many years he only
managed to break through the Marshall
King realm he was simply wasted to the
extreme luu was speechless when he heard
these words if this was considered
Scrappy then what was the future himy as
recorded in the system panel on second
thought it seems normal after all
disciples could be picked and disciples
who could become Marshall saints were
invariably not Geniuses among
Geniuses but the son that's no way to
pick despite the genetic inheritance
Factor the probability of having a
wasted son is
again there luu's history in his
previous life was full of such
examples for example
huai the son of chin Sher hang then Lu
and
Len as well as D Ren and D Jing there
are simply too many examples of the old
man being a hero and the sun being an
 so the ones recorded by the
system could really happen luu didn't
think much about it and directly put his
thoughts andj Gonza talked about it
not only did he want to show his face he
wanted to show himself and build up his
reputation and asked if he could think
of something if anyone else had come
over this request could have been very
difficult for people it's basically
impossible to realize but luu was
different he was the only son of the
Marshall Saint with this status this
small request is not a problem at all
shonza just thought of about it and
nodded of course today there will be a
session to send out New Year's
congratulations to the Dasha Nationals
and it was originally arranged for the
Dasha chief executive officer to speak
on stage so if you want to show your
face and show yourself off just replace
him with good
behavior the reputation is definitely
not small Dasha chief executive officer
just by hearing this position one would
know that the status is not ordinary but
since luu had asked for it it had to be
replaced luou you blinked was it that
simple as it is he's going to have to
get his act together next as long as you
perform well a billion reputation points
shouldn't be a problem this Mission if
placed in the later
generations was at least an SSS level
high difficulty Mission the kind that
was almost difficult to
accomplish otherwise the rewards
wouldn't be so generous but put it in
the present having been given this
opportunity Lu you would definitely be
able to Garner quite a bit of prestige
if he performed a bit
brilliantly not a moment too soon chief
executive officer Lou hung hong was also
made aware of the news faced with the
request from Z Gonza of the Marshall
Saint faction he agreed stayed away with
little
hesitation the reason was very simple
before he became the chief executive
officer Lu shanghong was also a member
of the Marshall sacred faction and it
was with the strong support of the
Marshall sacred faction that he was able
to sit in this position chapter 23 New
Year's greetings it had to be said that
luu's identity as the Crown Prince was
still very hard it's not even an
exaggeration to say that it's going
sideways the Marshall sacred sect even
more powerful the discourse is very
strong after all they were backed by a
marshal Saint and the representative who
spoke was even a marshal King and even
the chief executive officer was one of
theirs the other factions how can they
fight me after making more contact luu
suddenly felt again that the situation
didn't seem as menacing and complicated
as Bay yuyo had described cried of
course what by yuyo said was not false
all true just selectively say those as
the saying goes listening to both sides
of the story is darkness and listening
to both sides of the story is light if
we only listen to one-sided
opinions then it is easy to fall into a
misunderstanding even if that person is
telling the truth it is not necessarily
the original truth
it's called true falsehood thinking of
this luu glanced at Bay yuyo bayu ya
felt luu's gaze and inexplicably felt a
bit weak but on second thought what was
she weak about she glared back at the
same time by yuyo felt a little bad
don't get a taste of Power with this kid
it won't be fun once he accidentally
indulges in it however this little kid
who screams all day long about
clarifying the Jade and changing the sky
and the Earth should not succumbs so
easily to the temptation of power right
it was really impossible to say by uyo
was drumming in her heart and could only
expect luu to not be interested in those
just as by yuyo was worrying about all
this luu was chatting with
shunza shunza looked at luu with
interest he had had heard a lot about
this son of his Masters a few days ago
it was a huge mess and a big fuss was
made so young to be that Rowdy let's
just say not bad for a teacher's son now
that I have seen it with my own eyes and
talked about it I feel even more
extraordinary it was extraordinary to be
so young in age but almost like an adult
in both thinking and talking
originally J jonza was still a little
worried that luu didn't have the means
to say a good New Year's toast now that
doesn't seem like a big deal at all
talked a little more the time has come
for luu to deliver his new year's
Message In This Moment almost every
television station in Dasha has begun to
broadcast the live broadcast of the New
Year's
greetings this link is still on all the
major planets simal cast dashia had long
since mastered the technology of quantum
communication and this was not a problem
at all so-called Quantum
Communications this is a type of
communication in which information is
transmitted through Quantum
superposition States and entanglement
effects in short it's possible to ignore
the speed of light on major planets to
transmit information the TV host briefly
introduced luu's
identity very plain and
unassuming there was no special title
just a simple sentence of Marshall
Saints only son which aroused the
interest of the 688 planets of dashia
and the countless populace the 38 living
planets that belong to the Marshall
Saints territory even erupted into a
mountainous Roar of Cheers from luu's
birth until now it is highly
confidential Outsiders just simply know
the news but never know the only son of
the martial arts Saint in the end
what does it look like at this moment
it's finally time to see the real face
even in other countries outside of
dashia some people were broadcasting
this TV program after receiving the news
causing a very high level of attention
it could be said that at this moment
there were countless people that were
following the live
broadcast anyone else would be so
nervous that they wouldn't be able to
speak properly it was good that had a
big heart he looked subdued in front of
the camera under the camera luu is tiny
but looks extraordinarily graceful
although there was a congratulatory
script luu didn't even bother to read it
he directly looked at the camera and
opened his mouth to say New Year's
congratulations
meanwhile the moment Lou you appeared on
television the chatter directly filled
the major starfields
wow so cute this is the Marshall Saints
only son what a little one just over a
year old I hear right it's said that
this year's virtual age has just turned
three but in
actuality it's less than 2 years old
truly worthy of being the Marshall
Saints only son he looks so calm and
unruffled it's awesome I'm a fan of his
now tiny is so cute I want to pick him
up
Rua as I recall his name was luu I
didn't realize that he would be the one
to come out and say New Year's
congratulations this year haha so
special it's best to come once a year so
that we can witness the growth of the
Marshall Saints only son the popularity
of Marshall Saint L changing naturally
needed no
introduction the only Marshall Saint in
the star Marshall calendar for 2,000
years the key to the growth of the human
community in love with the house l u the
only son of the Marshall
Sage received unbelievable attention for
even a simple appearance to say a New
Year's greeting in the
meantime in the great summer Heroes chat
group all the group members were a bit
surprised after seeing the live
broadcast I can't believe I'm seeing Big
Brother on TV or the the New Year's
greeting session this time Big Brother
brushed his face in front of the entire
human Community
TV luu continued in a serious manner the
years do not pass and the seasons flow
like a stream in the New Year I hope
everyone's body should be healthy happy
New Year everyone and look to the future
together soon luu finished his New
Year's greeting sort of a perfect ending
sight of the conference Hall as the
people from The Marshall Saint faction
led the Clapping how would the people
from the other factions dare not give
face they also applauded one after
another for a moment the applause was
like thunder even by yuyo after seeing
this scene couldn't help but feel proud
of her son and somewhat happy in her
heart no matter what this time the
reading session live luu is considered
to have accomplished it
brilliantly and as luu listened to the
Applause he couldn't help but wave his
hand again not only greeting the people
present but also greeting all the people
of Dasha there's no doubt that this one
swiped hard the systems mission was not
only
accomplished it was exceeded luu had
originally been a little worried that a
billion points of reputation value I'm
afraid it wasn't that simple to do I
didn't expect it it was just a live
broadcast a New Year's greeting and it
was done straight away luu's reputation
value broke through a billion directly
after the live broadcast reaching a
terrifying
17 7 billion the mission is arguably
overachieved the Dragon Tiger Gold pill
came straight to hand it was just a bit
of a Pity that this time
it wasn't a staged Mission otherwise you
could have gleaned a few more
rewards this live broadcast came down to
at least a few hundred billion people
seeing him and this
17 7 billion in reputation wasn't really
an
exaggeration the population of this
world it's just too much 688 living
planets simal casting it's scary to
think about luu shook his head and
didn't think much about it
then he looked at the Dragon Tiger
golden Dan and his eyes lit up chapter
20 for the teacher was outright
dumbfounded Dragon Tiger golden pill
rank eighth quality perfect type
consumable effects after taking it it
can increase your lifespan by an
additional 300 years and increase your
cultivation by a certain amount while
making the foundation of the Dow
stronger description a superior golden
Elixir that can be taken by even
Ordinary People just to fully digest it
would take an extremely long time luu
looked at the introduction of the item
on the panel and couldn't help but be a
little
surprised
surprisingly it's an eighth order
treasure the previous rewards obtained
were only up to the seventh rank the
most crucial thing was that this eighth
order treasure could be taken by
Ordinary People although it says that
the digestion time is very long but this
is is normal if not so ordinary people
cannot use it at all once eaten directly
burst such a treasure it was not in vain
that he had gone through a lot of
trouble and had been busy for so long ah
it's worth it Lu you could be very
satisfied just then the system panel
once again alerted that a new Quest had
appeared luu was slightly stunned to be
honest
he hadn't really expected the new
mission to come so quickly at this
moment the live broadcast had ended and
the camera had shifted so Lou you looked
towards this new Mission you have
successfully captured
17 7 billion reputation values perfectly
accomplishing the task of growing your
reputation and letting countless great s
subjects know that the son of the
Marshall Saint is not simple either some
Prestige can be gained in the General
populace and that's not enough in the
past few decades the Marshall sage has
concentrated on fighting foreign enemies
but never paid any attention to the
Dasha political Affairs in the rear
without the strong support of the
Marshall Sage the days of the Marshall
Sage faction in the cabinet have not
been easy even though your father Lu
Chong xong doesn't seem to care about
all this you know that this is not going
to work next please participate in
political Affairs as the son of the
Marshall sage and be recognized by the
heads of the major factions Mission
reward ji Shin Chang sword luu looked at
the introduction of the mission on the
panel and couldn't help but Furrow his
tiny brows don't say the difficulty of
this Mission seems to be getting harder
and harder it's not right either it's
always been hard it didn't suddenly
start being hard
it's just that the previous few missions
are going to be relatively easy for your
current self being too young on the
contrary has the advantage of being able
to accomplish the task with ease but the
difficulty of the missions will
definitely keep increasing as they are
completed one by one but the car will be
on the night rather than having to
agonize over the difficulty of the task
moreover the Marshall Sage sect was now
in full bloom and was not declining like
in the quest
introduction so technically speaking the
difficulty of this task may not be that
exaggerated just as luu was pondering
all this bayu yya walked over and asked
with a smile how does it feel it feels
okay luu said this time you're showing
your face in front of an unknown number
of pairs of Eyes by yuyo said
yeah L you nodded then do you know that
if you show your face like this I'm
afraid that in the future those foreign
spies ah the evil God
familiars will be even more attached to
you in the future bayyo stared at him
and said so ha luu couldn't help but be
a bit dumbfounded when he heard this bad
it seems like that's still true
admittedly with 688 living planets
synchronized live
broadcasts luu could be said to be out
of the
Limelight and that was called a
windfall but the wind will destroy the
wood that grows in the forest Lu U as
the son of a marshall Saint had shown
that he was not a bad person early on
the Hostile forces of that human
Community naturally paid more attention
to him than before that's not not good
news seeing luu with this worried look
on his face by yuyo felt a bit amused
you're just focusing on Making a Splash
and talking about building up your
reputation haven't you even considered
this luu nodded indeed at rate didn't
think too much about it the question is
still the same the current louu although
he had the mind of an adult was after
all the body of a child
so there are times when the mind is
affected by the body and there are times
when it just can't think too much when
it's a little more impulsive when it's a
little less considered some of the words
and actions can be even more childlike
it's flawed but in a way it's kind of
nice after all if it wasn't for this
luu's oldfashioned appearance would have
long since been detected as Wrong by Lu
Chang xang Bye by yuyo and by many
others then are you going to continue by
yuyo looked at him although Bay yuya's
words were all true to a large extent
they were actually meant to scare luu
because as the Marshall Saints only son
even if he didn't make an appearance
even if he didn't have such a high
profile the attention he received
wouldn't be much less those
foreigners the evil God
familiars were already dead set on him
luu was a bit torn but after he thought
about it he let out a sigh and said this
is something that can't be avoided if I
want to wear the crown I must bear its
weight if I want to clarify the world
and change the heavens then I must face
one trouble after another this one more
is not too much and this one less is not
too little there's no use in agonizing
here so I'm not afraid of any of this
Mom I'm going to keep going saying this
luu's eyes became bright leaving all
those troubles behind bayu ya couldn't
help but freeze when she heard this just
now bayu ya could see that luu was
indeed scared but he quickly overcame
that fear this kind of vigor this kind
of heart can only say worthy of being
her and LU Chang shing's son
aftermath luu thought about it carefully
and after seriously recalling it he also
reacted to the fact that bay yuya was
scaring herself no matter how menacing
the political struggles at the top of
dashia were described or how serious the
consequences of him being in the
Limelight were they were actually
scaring him the purpose was to make luu
Retreat is this to test him absolutely
not because by Yu ya just didn't want
him to participate in political
Affairs in that case luu then simply did
not bring bayu ya to the council anyway
after getting to know
xanga who was Pop's disciple and a
member of the Marshall sacred sex word
he was considered someone who could be
relied upon Aha and so was happily
decided turning day two luu had shonza
come over to pick himself up and before
he left he waved his hand towards bayu
ya mom I'm going to the cabinet to
participate in
politics I'll see you when I get home by
Yu ya glanced at luu in
Surprise and then glanced at jonza in
dismay and was powerless to spit for a
moment what is this situation on this
little guy actually disliked himself for
scaring him all the time so he dumped
himself is this the nerve or is it the
nerve to fly solo really not afraid to
beat his ass yourself sh Gonza who was
next to luu faced by yuya's questioning
eyes with an embarrassed
expression God what's all this and
what's all this
originally when luu notified him and let
him come over jonza was still quite
happy thinking that he could get in
touch with his teacher son a little more
who would have thought that this little
brat before letting himself come over
actually didn't even discuss it with his
mom just directly let him come over it's
something that the teachers mostly don't
know about either he was the
spokesperson of the Marshall sacred sect
but he was caught in the middle at the
moment so it could be said that he was
not a person inside or outside luckily
by Yu ya didn't let him continue to make
things difficult after bayu ya glared at
luu she then looked at jonet and said
seriously then luu is entrusted to you a
drop of cold sweat broke out on Jon's
forehead then he solemnly nodded I will
definitely bring him out and back safely
hurry up luu took gs's hand and reached
out hug the current
luu though had long been able to walk on
his own but he was just a normal kid
after all and walking on his own was
just too slow as for
zonza he was a marshall King and even
though he was holding luu and needed to
support him his speed was still no
slower than an
airplane good shonza let out a bitter
Smile as he picked up luu then directly
flew towards the sky in the
stratosphere 30 km above the ground a
spaceship is parked after jonza brought
luu here he hurriedly drilled in this
was an A-Class spaceship although there
was no way to compare it with lu
changings Polaris but it wasn't too bad
either at least it was a marshall King's
seat in the meantime like wangai came
back from vacation as luu's initiation
teacher waiting for half a day but did
not see the students it is inevitable to
find over a want to know when L you over
to study you'll probably have to wait a
little while longer he's at the moment
probably busy by yuo said somewhat
helplessly what is he going to do riang
Tha was a bit C ious what could such a
young child be busy with he went to the
cabinet by yuyo said cabinet riang Tha
didn't react at first what does it mean
literally BYU ya let out a bitter smile
before explaining it was fine if this
was not explained but once it was
explained liwang Tai was directly
dumbfounded chapter 25 deadly silence
along with the teacher Li Guang Tha who
was
dumbfounded there were also the heads of
the major factions in the council
chamber as the saying goes there are big
meetings for small things and small
meetings for big things often the
smaller the number of people in a
meeting is when big things are decided
at this time this cabinet meeting the
number of people is very small basically
all the major factions of the people
one can be said to be a high position of
power casually stomp a stomp more than a
dozen life planets have to be shocked
but at this moment all of these people
all of them looked at the main location
with a stunned expression here sits
chief executive officer Lou hung hong
and there's nothing wrong with that but
next to him there was one tall kid's
dining chair placed and luu the only son
of the Marshall Saint was clearly
sitting here many people had seen this
Marshall Saint's only son yesterday so
naturally they couldn't be mistaken the
question was why was he here what's
going on here the Expressions on the
faces of the crowd were a Wonder to
behold someone had a look of dismay
someone's brow couldn't help but Furrow
some people are even looking at each
other what's that supposed to mean
these people present were basically the
masters of taking one step and thinking
of a dozen steps and in their opinion
behind any anomaly there must be a
reason for what happened at this moment
wuang the youngest son was sitting next
to Lu Shang Hong the chief executive
officer and LU shanghong was the one who
was pushed out by Wang's faction and
associating this with Wang's big move
some days ago these people inevitably
thought more about it and felt that this
was in all likelihood W Shan's intention
the Marshall Saint released a signal of
support for LV
shanghong is there any big move coming
up next how should this in turn be
responded to no matter what after all it
was the meaning of the Marshall Saint
and it could not be confronted head-on
just as the was rambling luu scammed the
crowd and thought that this was a very
good position just enough to see
everyone and hear everyone
perfectly
yesterday he came over firstly to
fulfill his mission and secondly to
understand the situation over here so he
didn't come to the cabinet but today was
different he could take a good look at
how the country of Dasha was actually
run and LV Shang Hong who was on the
side however was a bit dumbfounded as he
subconsciously glanced at
chagona with some pleading for help in
his eyes why did Lu you come here and
sitting on his side it's hard not to let
other people think more about it
shonza on the other hand returned a look
that indicated that it had nothing to do
with him and as for you seek your own
Fortune Lu shanghong let out a bitter
smile and subconsciously glanced at luu
luu looked at him and said let them
begin their
deliberations don't worry I won't fool
around xang
honglu okay there's no way out who made
luu the only son of the Marshall Saint
it's not an exaggeration to say that
even writing on his head and taking a
dump couldn't do anything to him let
alone sitting next to him the crowd
froze for a moment when they saw the
change in Lu Shang hongk expression it
doesn't seem that simple soon people
started talking about all sorts of great
things luu held his chin and listened
with interest luu realized that these
people were obviously in high positions
but the things they were discussing were
not so explosive but some very common
political matters like what mineral
planet is being developed like what the
borders are in Revolt again and there
are so and so forces involved then again
if there is a massive natural disaster
on which planet how many people need to
be mobilized to go over and provide
relief the average kid would probably
dose off when they heard this but luu
was different he listened with great
interest wait until everything is
disgust finally someone couldn't help
himself as he looked at Lu Shang Hong
and asked asked your
Excellency the Grand Executive Officer I
would like to know why the Marshall
Sage's only son would appear here today
when these words came out they instantly
caught everyone's attention all of them
raised their heads to look over everyone
wanted to know what exactly was the
meaning of this signal released by luu's
appearance here he was not the only one
who wanted to ask this question many
people wanted to ask it but they held
back and did not ask it finally someone
couldn't help themselves hearing the
man's question Lu Shang Hong opened his
mouth but no words came out because
that's a question he'd like to know two
is there a deeper meaning behind this or
not Lu shanghong looked at jonza again
jonza shook his head ha Lu shanghong was
speechless for a while what did shaking
his head mean is this not knowing or
can't say it Lu shanghong was just about
to put it off L you who hadn't said
anything spoke up what's your name the
voice was clear and
childlike but every word was very clear
the person who just asked the question
smiled and said my name is
junglen which faction are you from luu
continued to ask the question then is
quite
execrable ton Jong Lan's heart was
inexplicably
flabbergasted facts oppression has
nothing to do with strength or age at
this moment Tong janglin was a bit
flustered he realized that he was a bit
Hasty no one else stood out to ask he
was the only one who stood out it was
obvious that this was a big
p however having stepped forward there's
no backing down Tong Jon Lan said
stiffly we're all working for diaa so
what's the point of talking about
factions are you afraid don't dare to
speak Lou you observed Tong Jean leen's
expression and continue to ask unable to
help but think you're lying to a child
with that without the support of a
faction how can you be qualified to sit
here and
deliberate but this kind of
agitation
naturally is of little use to his
Excellency Tong janglin didn't know what
to say don't be afraid it's not like I'm
going to eat you
moreover if I don't say it I can still
ask someone else luu continued
he felt that his identity was really
good Not only was his old man Li Chang
Xing standing behind him there was also
a powerful Marshall Saint faction every
word he said inevitably made people
think a lot Tong jongan scalp tingled a
bit and after a long while he still
spoke technically speaking I'm from the
new economy faction a new economic
faction what do you advocate
Lou you asked with some
curiosity Tong jeonglan
obviously he had asked the question
first but now it had turned into luu
asking him but he couldn't afford not to
answer otherwise he would be refuting
luu's face to refute luu's face is to
refute the face of the wuang faction
Tong jangan had to Simply State his
faction's claims after luu heard this he
nodded
that's right he
understood but not
completely after
all understanding the claims of a
faction is not enough between three
words it requires a more in-depth
understanding but it's obviously not a
good time Lou you thought for a moment
and spoke I can answer the question you
just asked although you didn't ask me I
think that it would be better if I
answered you I came over to hear how you
deliberated
I came over here to get a better
visualization of how the country of
Dasha is run I came over here to see
what the hell you guys are doing what
the hell is causing the entire human
Community to be riddled with ills and a
corrupt system I know that it's slightly
inappropriate for me a little kid to
show up in a place like this but I think
the rules are dead and people are alive
and they can be changed
slightly what do you think after these
words were said within the council
chamber there was a dead silence as a
pin fell chapter 26 the cabinet
ministers are a bit
confused although everyone knew that the
Marshall Saints only son l u was very
smart but they never dreamed that at
this moment he would say something like
this what that means is he came this way
purely on his own terms not what the
sage of Wu meant but the problem is a
three-year-old is starting to think
about how the country works just start
looking what has caused the human
Community system to become corrupt and
full of ills this is too much when they
were three they were still playing in
the mud if they hadn't seen it with
their own eyes and heard it with their
own ears at this moment they definitely
wouldn't believe that a small child as
young as 3 years old could speak such
words it's not just precocious anymore
Tong jungan of that new economy faction
at this moment his eyes were wide open
and he directly stayed in place his
expression was very
wonderful even the nearby Grand
Executive Officer Lu xang Hong and jonza
from the Marshall Saint faction had
their mouths open at this moment I'm
asking you why don't you say anything LU
you looked at the dumb founded Tong
janlin and spoke again this Tong janlin
was momentarily
speechless not knowing what to say he
had opened his mouth to inquire not
because he was forbidding luu to come
here but because he wanted to ask about
the purpose of his coming here he wanted
to know what kind of information the
Marshall Saint Lu Chong shung had
released so that he could be prepared
who would have thought that the answer
he got at this moment could be a far cry
from what he expected for a moment he
was at a loss as to how to answer to be
honest he was a little
confused after so many years in politics
how many big storms have come and gone
what situations have not seen at this
moment I don't know how to speak it's
really the first time I've encountered
this I I have no more problems
Tong janglin slowly shook his head and
sat down again soon after the meeting
was over these cabinet dignitaries
couldn't help but glance at luu who had
gotten down from the kids dining chair
luu also looked at the group with an
expression of eagerness as he wanted to
tug on people one by one and ask about
them ask about everything like what's
your name what's your faction what does
your faction stand for if we could go a
little deeper we could also ask how many
people are in your faction how many
Marshal Kings and how many Marshal
Emperors are standing behind it and what
are the names of those Marshall Kings
and Marshall Emperors these questions if
it is an ordinary person naturally it is
not good to ask out it is really too
presumptuous rude not directly turn over
their faces are considered polite but
for l u it didn't matter for one thing
he had a special status the only son of
a marshal Saint and behind him stood the
Marshall Saint faction who would dare
offend him the second is that he is very
young and as the saying goes children's
words are Reckless so even if the
questions are tricky others will not
take them to heart after all the prime
minister's stomach can ride the boat
these people stand so high naturally
have extraordinary tolerance of people
getting to know them a little better is
the only way to get them to gradually
recognize themselves in this way the
task issued by the system can be
accomplished in a big way but
unfortunately the meeting had only just
ended and before Lou you could harass
these cabinet members jonza hurly left
with him in his arms this could not be
helped luu did not resist and let shonza
hold himself and leave after all he
still wanted him to continue to bring
himself here next time seeing luu leave
completely someone walked over to the
side of the Grand Executive Officer luu
xang Hong and couldn't help but ask
executive officer luu I dare to ask
those words just now are they all true
the Grand Executive Officer luu xang
Hong turned his head this man was called
Su Lang he was the spokesperson of the
renovation faction and he could be said
to be more eager than any other faction
for the support of the Marshall Saint
when Lu Shang Hong heard this he didn't
say anything and just nodded could it be
that his
Excellency the Marshall Saint is
relieved to let his child fool around
here suang asked again what do you mean
fooling around has he ever fooled around
luu xang Hong glanced at him indeed
there was no nonsense Su Lang shook his
head but his appearance here itself is a
kind of
nonsense he is the only son of the
Marshall Saint and he is still so young
if he lets people with a heart set their
eyes on him then how can it be hearing
these words luu xang Hong felt a bit
funny if there really is that person
with a heart then you the person in
charge of the Innovation school I'm
afraid you're that person with a heart
right this is the great SE cabinet if
something can go wrong here you and I
can just kill ourselves directly in
place luu xang Hong said frankly
moreover you also said that he is the
son of the great SE Marshall saint he
came here to listen to the government if
you have any opinions you can just go
directly to the Marshall Saint and Say
Goodbye do you dare seeing that Su Lang
wanted to say something else luang Hong
waved his hand interrupting him and
directly left luu appeared in the
cabinet to listen to the government and
also sat next to the Grand Executive
Officer even though he had made it very
clear it was he who wanted to see how
the country was run to know how corrupt
the system was and where the various
ills came from but still no one took his
words
seriously thinking that there must be a
deeper meaning to this
otherwise why sit next to the big
execs isn't this a clear indication of
support for the big execs the did
executive officer is still a member of
the Marshall sacred sect there was a
saying that being misunderstood was the
destiny of the
expressor not to mention that luu was
still a small child and it was more than
normal for him not to take his words to
Heart long before that luu had foreseen
that there was no way you could control
what the next person thought this is
something no doubt that has generated
quite a bit of discussion there were
even some more serious people who found
Marshall St Lu changing and wanted to
know the deeper meaning Lu Chang shing's
answer on on the other hand was very
simple it was just a matter of letting
the little guy go and see the world when
luu returned home bayyo looked at him
and teasingly asked our family's Cabinet
member what's the result of today's
political discussion a matter of
national
importance it has to be kept secret luu
replied so this was also what he
promised
changa that he absolutely could not say
anything about the political Affairs in
the cabinet so at this moment even to BU
yuyo luu had no intention of saying it
it was only that these serious words
came out of luu's mouth and they were
extraordinarily
hilarious haha you brat by Yu Yao
couldn't help but laugh out then looked
at jonet and spoke I'm troubling you
today he didn't bring you any trouble
did he didn't get into trouble did he
there was no trouble little louu is very
smart he is the smartest child I have
ever seen jonza shook his head and said
however his appearance has caused a lot
of talk discuss what by yuyo hurridly
the other cabinet members they thought
that our Marshall Sage faction was
making some big moves
after all even the Marshall Sage's only
son came over to stand schwag Gonza
explained they really like to think
highly of themselves hearing this bayu
ya commented
unflinchingly if they really wanted to
make a big move why would they need to
let luu go over and stand up chapter
27 it can't be helped with the Marshall
Saints only son coming to the cabinet
it's a able that those people will think
more about it shonza said with a smile
what Auntie said is not wrong at all if
the wo xang sect really wants to do
something why do they need to let a
child stand on the stage who are you
looking down on is this looking down on
the Marshall Saints or the Marshall
Saints faction it's really a bit self-
serving to think about it that much
right Bay yuyo looked at luu and spoke
your teacher is back and has been
waiting for you today really luu's eyes
lit up and he immediately stood up I'll
go over right now since your teacher is
back are you still going to go to the
cabinet tomorrow by yuyo asked again of
course go luu barely hesitated and spoke
directly still going BYU ya asked with
some
surprise what about your teacher I'll go
to the cabinet in the morning to listen
to politics and then in the
afternoon I can't just attend classes
again luu said rightfully you're really
a master of time management bayyo was
instantly a bit
speechless this unlucky kid was really
obsessed with discussing
politics this interest was really
strange that's natural Lu youu hamen
haod I'm not praising you by yuyo was
speechless I'm going to find my teacher
luu glanced outside go by yuyo waved her
hand then Senior Maiden I will also take
my leave shonza said in a hurry don't be
in a hurry your master said he wants to
meet you go to the cultivation field in
the backyard by yuyo said with a smile
ah when Gonza heard this he instantly
came into the spirit sure enough after
going out of his way to bring up a child
for so long there is no merit but there
is also painstaking work a finally he
can meet his master shonza hadn't seen
Lu changing for a long time and at this
moment he was actually a bit
inexplicably nervous Go On by yuyo said
yes Z gunza hurriedly nodded inside the
small courtyard RI Guang looked at his
own student with a complicated face
although he also knew that this one was
the Marshall Saints only son and his
status was honored to the extreme still
couldn't believe my ears when I heard
that news this morning a
three-year-old going to a place like the
cabinet listening to
politics it's not is there something
wrong here
even though you're the son of a martial
arts Saint you're too out there even the
cabinet hearings are here this is just
too much in fact luu himself understood
that his demeanor was a bit out of
character a little too Reckless but
there's no way around it the quests
issued by the system were formulated
according to the luu of 40 years later
how is it possible to consider that he's
only 2 years old if it was luu 40 years
later representing the Marshall Sage
faction to participate in politics in
the cabinet to get back some face and
gained the recognition of the major
factions it could be considered
reasonable and without any
problems but for
luu who had just turned 3 years old and
was still a false age that would be a
bit of a
violation the question is by virtue of
the system early to this point l you
crazy wool Gathering system engaged in a
variety of rewards although most of the
rewards because the age is too young
cannot yet be used but it was
foreseeable that once Lu you turned 3
years old and could practice marshal
arts he would definitely soar and
display a terrifying Talent this madness
of taking all sorts of benefits and
constantly pulling the wool over the
system didn't spit on the systems
Mission now that the mission has
progressed here
it's time to start disliking it that
naturally won't work doesn't that make
you a double standard dog luu is not
such a person so even if the task was
difficult luu would try to do it whether
it's recognized by Major factions of
cabinet ministers or to gain more
recognition from your peers that
previous stage Mission Lou you hadn't
forgotten yet he complet completed the
first stage the second stage and got the
lower grade Heaven and Earth wonders and
the middle- grade Heaven and Earth
wonders there's still phase three to
come and phase four to go
only this third stage the fourth stage
of the mission the difficulty was too
high and with the emergence of other
missions it was shelled for the time
being but that didn't mean that luu
intended to to give up on it when
classes ended in the afternoon luu
initiated a party in the heroes of Dasha
chat group that's a pretty full
schedule I must say the meeting place
was still the Marshall Saints Mansion
luu's home was big enough that he didn't
have to worry about running out of room
moreover luu was too small and his
status was extraordinarily
outrageous so going out alone or
anything else was out of the question
for the time
Lu you thought this was normal having
enjoyed the conveniences that come with
this status something has to be taken on
whether it's the responsibility that the
sons of the Marshall Saints have to bear
or the constraints that come with that
status in this world how can there be a
person who only enjoys his rights but
does not want to fulfill his
obligations faced with this request from
luu the Elders of these families read
agreed they couldn't wait to hope that
their own children could have more
contact with luu for a while only this
time the homeboys were specifically
instructed not to get into any more
trouble the location is still the yoyogi
Pavilion luu sat at the first place and
looked at the people who were seated in
their respective seats in a good mood he
gradually understood why some rich
people always like to invite people to
dinner
jackiechan for example likes to treat
his jackiechan family to dinner and
shopping and can be extremely generous
to his brothers another example is the
ancient poet leai who also liked to
organize various Banquets and invited
guests to dinner that was even more
lavish what's that poem a thousand
pieces of gold are scattered but they
come back again and cooking sheep and
slaughtering cows is a pleasure and
you'll have to drink 300 cups in one go
going further Lu bang also liked to
organize Banquets where he often drank
and sang a great Wind Rises in clouds
fly the might of the sea will return to
the Homeland an awesome Warrior defends
the four
directions that's really grandiose to
the core luu and his previous life could
not understand this strange hobby now
though after a few treats he could
gradually understand the beauty of it
turns out it's really fun the only
downside is that small children can't
drink so the crowd had to settle for
juice or milk instead the people drank
milk for fun and chatted with abandoned
and good cheer someone is up and dancing
some people also perform their Family
Martial Arts on the spot the atmosphere
of the scene can be extraordinarily
Pleasant luu sipped and sipped and
realized that this milk how to still
drink on the head he stood directly on
the chair then jumped to the center of
the stage and said with a smile come on
who's going to wrestle with me seeing
that no one came forward Lu you
continued don't worry about hurting me
whoever can knock me down I'm willing to
give up my position as the leading
brother to him I'll do it when that was
said a defiant one did come forward in
this man's opinion Lu you was only 3
years old just a little bit older and it
was only by virtue of his status as the
son of the Marshall saint that he had
become the Big Brother of their group in
terms of strength he can't do it at all
luu looked at the visitor and said with
a smile it's you in Kong it looks like
you're not convinced of me as the
leading brother chapter 28 born with
divine power incom was 8 years old but
she was already close to 1 M 5 and
looked almost like a small adult
compared to him luu was still a tiny one
the Gap was too obvious also one side
has practiced martial arts and the other
hasn't it was clearly an unfair matchup
many of the people present saw the scene
and subconsciously felt that luu would
defin itely not be able to wrestle with
him that's a sure way to lose if you
lose won't you give away the name of the
leader of the band and this in Kong's
old man just a marshall King what makes
him their leading brother although in
Kong was not convinced of luu being this
big brother but if in Kong became one
the others would be equally
unconvinced it was then that someone
booed out tell y Kong to know better
than to ask for trouble Yin Kong thought
likewise as he listened to luu's words
and everyone's comments around him his
face became a bit unsettled but he still
said with a stiff upper lip are you
afraid luu couldn't help but laugh when
he heard this scared he's just saying
hello he can't just come up and horn in
it's not like there's any deep hatred
between the two sides why bother with
tit fortat but it's obvious this inong
misunderstood something afraid luu shook
his head how could I possibly be afraid
do you think that you can really win
against me come on then
originally in Kong's heart was beating a
drum thinking forget about it but when
he heard luu's words his little temper
came up and he was about to have a good
match with luu right then and there the
crowd was a bit surprised to see this
scene just now as soon as he gave a step
in Kong definitely went down who would
have thought that Lu you would actually
refuse to even give a step you really
want to compare with that stature of in
Kong that physique the two sides were
simply not equal and victory or defeat
could be seen almost at a glance this
this really want to wrestle in K go easy
on him don't hurt Big Brother this in
Kong don't know how to take things
lightly that's right if we heard luu
none of us will be able to escape we'll
all have to take a beating the people
present were talking and arguing and
almost no one felt that luu could
win however there is only one exception
that's yug guanin as luu's gold medal
junr he had seen luu's terrifying
strength so naturally he did not think
that in Kong was bound to win seeing
that everyone favored in Kong one way or
the other yaning laughed and cursed
disdainfully idiots a bunch of fools
what are you cursing for who are you
calling stupid no what are you doing
when the crowd next to him heard
yanching cursing they were not happy at
that time yaning smiled and said do you
guys really think that big brother dares
to find someone to wrestle with without
a single card it's also too
ridiculous the crowd froze at those
words including in Kong on the field he
glanced suspiciously at yaning and then
at luu cards what kind of cards he was
already at the peak of the first realm
it was just a step away from the second
realm of martial arts regardless of size
or
cultivation it was all around crushing
in this case will you take the head to
win a with such doubts in their minds
the two began to wrestle in Kong's
footsteps were light and fast he
directly pounced over grabbing luu just
wanting to exert his strength but he
felt that his strength was like a mud
cow entering the sea his little strength
was not enough at all in a trance he
felt like he was hugging a Heavenly tree
and no matter how hard he pushed the
other side didn't move how is this
possible in Kong's eyes whitened in
disbelief and he couldn't help but cry
out in shock in his heart
luu however was as calm as ever didn't
see that coming giggle the master is
open born with the power of dragons and
tigers how can it be compared to your
little peak of the first realm just
kidding it's real bullying kids luu
smiled and casually flung his hand in
the next moment in Kong directly fell to
the ground without even the slightest
ability to resist the moment because the
size difference between the the two
sides was just too great so this image
is quite
spectacular the people present all of
them were wide-eyed no one expected that
inan Kong would lose so simply how is
this possible the son of the Marshall
Saint terrifying as it is some people
couldn't help but suck in a breath of
cold air yaning smiled and said see I
was right wasn't I still really think
big brother is easy when these words
came out some people worshipped on the
spot thinking that luu was truly
extraordinary however there are those
who question this and feel that it is
outrageous it can't be this in Kong is
playing a fake match he lost to luu on
purpose the purpose is also very clear
so that everyone feels that luu
the leading brother deserves his name
faced with such a challenge in Kong's
face was ugly who is this
insulting playing a fake game what a
joke just try it yourselves and you'll
see in Kong said through gritted teeth
then siden said
anyway I've lost soon another person
stepped forward to try luu's power
without any exception they were directly
knocked down by luu one after another a
full six people came forward without
exception all of them were dropped To
The Ground by luu winning is easy luu
flung his arm and said with a smile who
else who else one more I have to say
it's fun to bully kids it was a pity
even though luu said so no one came
forward again for a while this time
everyone was convinced Lu was genuinely
awesome and is not colluding to play a
fake game this natural divine power is a
little too scary even the Pinnacle of
the first realm could not stop it in the
slightest who can beat that big brothers
divine power no one can defeat it we are
convinced someone shouted Ed and it was
instantly echoed by A
Chorus this time everyone was
sincere luu nodded in
satisfaction then returned to his
position he glanced at the
taskbar the mission status is 4250 at
the moment this tussle between the
parties adds a lot more progress it's
just a bit of a shame that it didn't
even complete the third stage so it
seems that the previous speculation is
probably true
that is there were actually not many of
these people who were considered luu's
companions after all the mission calls
for companions 40 years from now and the
group from 40 years ago is not
necessarily the group from 40 years from
now of course it's also possible that
just jockeying around isn't enough with
this in mind the back room carried up
the roasted whole lamb Louie waved his
hand to bring over this roasted whole
sheep then stood up and said come I'll
split the meat for you saying so luu
grabbed the roasted whole lamb and
casually broke it the leg bone of the
Lamb made a crisp sound and was rawly
broken into two by him when the crowd
beside them saw this scene they all
stared in
disbelief since you all recognize me as
the leading brother then I will share
the meat with you luu said with a smile
whether it's this piece of meat or the
one to come chapter 29 the sole
suppressing Stone of the Big Dipper in
the beginning of Heaven minute meat
regardless of whether it was this piece
of meat or the meat in the future as
long as luu was their big brother then
it would all be shared with them in the
future the people present although very
young but their Origins are not
ordinary from
childhood Under the Influence Insight is
naturally not ordinary children can
compare so rightfully so he heard the
strings of luu's words not as literal as
it sounds to divide the meat also means
to divide the prophet no doubt about it
a big brother who is willing to share
his meat is a good Big Brother it would
be a mistake to think that because you
are the leader you have all the meat to
yourself in that case it is impossible
to win the hearts of the people and even
if your status is no matter how
honorable others will still abandon you
and luu was willing to share the meat
along with his status as the only son of
the Marshall Saint and that innate
divine power at this moment all the
people present were all convinced of him
when the meat sharing is over
immediately in front of luu's eyes a
hint of mission completion appeared the
third stage of the mission is complete
and you have gained the recognition of
50
companions acquired a top quality Heaven
and Earth rare treasure the Tao Big
Dipper Soul suppressor Stone rank eighth
quality excellent type
wearable effects a precious treasure
generated by the chi of the Big Dipper
in the ancient times with the effect of
calming the soul it can effectively
protect the wearer's Divine soul and Sea
Of Consciousness from the threat of
spiritual attacks description the Big
Dipper one of the Gods is also said to
have been born at the beginning of the
ancient times when Heaven and Earth were
first divided and Chaos opened up giving
birth to 36 big Dippers and 72 Earthly
Furies this piece of precious stone
generated by the big Dippers Chi has the
purest big Dippers Aura perhaps in
addition to its original efficacy luu
fixed his eyes on the panel's detailed
introduction and couldn't help but let
his eyes light up good stuff another
eighth order treasure and it's also a
Rare spirit-based Defense equipment
compared to the defensive equipment of
the physical body the spiritual
defensive equipment was much rarer and
naturally more precious
nowadays in this star Marshal age
although it is said that martial artists
are the main focus other professions are
not
absent examples include
mechanics
Mets
apothecaries
nists and
psychics it's just that compared to the
path of martial arts that everyone can
take the path of these professions can
be very narrow with very high
requirements for talent and an
extraordinarily difficult path for
advancement unlike the path of martial
arts there were already count
forefathers that had walked out a
complete path so many people in other
professions are usually practicing on
the side trying to get out of their own
way for example arms Master
mechm medicine Master Nemesis Master
alien Master like this an ordinary
martial artist when facing these special
martial artists would suffer a great
loss if they were not careful
for example a yenly martial artist
against a martial artist of the same
realm was basically crushed and could
even easily accomplish crossb
battles but at a time like this if there
was a spiritual defense equipment the
advantage of a yley martial artist would
be gone on top of that when facing
extraterrestrial evil Gods as well as
evil gods
familiars and evil God
science the equipment of spiritual
defense was even more
important ordinary martial artists can
only rely on their own martial will to
resist the effect
naturally is there but almost every time
he suffers a different degree of injury
once the spirit is severely polluted and
the Divine soul is completely corrupted
it is likely that it not be cured for
the rest of one's life that's why any
piece of mental defense equipment when
placed outside was a treasure that
everyone fought over what's more this
Tao Heavenly Dipper Soul suppressor
Stone was still of the eighth Rank and
its value was absolutely
terrifying it is not an exaggeration to
say that it is a superior Treasure of
Heaven and Earth with such a treasure it
would be a waste of effort for any evil
God followers or evil God dependents to
try to attack Lu you with spiritual
pollution in the future it can be said
that in terms of safety a great deal of
security is guaranteed Lu you could be
very satisfied with this reward take
another look at the progress of this
particular Mission the current Mission
progress is
52/100 48 companion endorsements away
from the final task of phase 4 so much
more to go so it seems that trying to
complete the fourth stage is not
normally difficult I've been working on
this quest for so long and I'm still
halfway through the progress the key
thing was that this Quest had a
one-month time limit so you couldn't
even think of putting it off until later
but the question is what exactly are the
childhood companions for him 40 years
later at the moment only about half of
the people here counted as his childhood
companions because at the moment it's
another tussle and the promise of
splitting the meat that's brought the
progress bar up to a modest 52 out of
100 that means there are many more
companions that are not around this
system doesn't know to make a list or
anything it's too much trouble just a
top grade Heaven and Earth wonder and
you can get the so suppressing Stone of
the Tao Heavenly Dipper what about the
absolute best of the world's wonders and
what kind of goodies will you get luu
was greedy wanted it
badly how should this be broken luu
frowned and let out a small sigh W Yu
Guan Chang who was on the side saw Liu
sighing he immediately came over and
asked big brother why are you sighing
when yuguan Ching said this he even
deliberately imitated the lines and
Cadence from the TV series which could
be described as a perfect
rendition when L you heard this
he couldn't help but be stunned and then
after thinking about it he spoke I'm
very happy that the group of Heroes have
gathered here today but I think that in
the future if we want to change the
heavens and clarify the Jade Kingdom
most of the people here right now will
still not be enough I want to meet More
Heroes and heroins and enlist more
talents so that they can come together
here and work together for a great cause
I wonder what you think about that when
yaning heard these words he smiled and
said big brother how difficult is this
in my opinion this matter is as easy as
a slap in the face at this moment yaning
was on the scene all in the appearance
of a dog-headed military
adviser may I hear about it luu was also
very
Cooperative hurriedly pulling yaning to
sit next to himself and also poured milk
for him with a courteous and serious
attitude of asking for advice Big
Brother the method is simple yuguan
Ching was very receptive to luu's
courtesy and took a sip of milk before
slowly saying since there are so many
Heroes and heroins right here let the
heroes pull the heroes to come let the
heroes introduce the heroes to come here
wouldn't that be fine is this feasible
luu subconsciously asked when he heard
this why not yaning said
seriously with Big Brother's virtuous
name out there which hero which hero
doesn't want to get
involved this is their honor good idea
luu nodded and gave a high
affirmation however there are
requirements for pulling people in if
they are not Heroes and heroins
they cannot enter our Circle yaning
didn't have the intention of
indiscriminately pulling people in if
anyone could come in it would be too
much of a drop in class Chapter 30
eating and watching the standards set by
yaning are high if you want to enter
their Circle you should at least have a
marshall King sitting in your family
right and you have to be a direct
descendant of that Marshall King if it's
the kind of relative that you can't even
think about then don't even think about
it of course family history is not the
only Criterion in Ying's opinion as long
as one was talented enough it was fine
even if one's family lineage was poor
for
example that kind of terrifying demon
who at the age of seven or eight had
reached the Third Realm of the Marshall
da or even the fourth Realm of the
Marshall da such a hero and heroine will
surely achieve great things in the
future it's at least a great Master even
if you don't have much family history
you are equally qualified to enter the
circle if you don't have a family and
you're not a genius among
geniuses then I'm sorry you're not
qualified to play with us under luou U's
authorization yaning told the matter to
everyone present let them pull people
over since the future wants to clarify
the World to Change the sky and the
Earth then we must unite all the forces
that can be United as long as there are
more and more friends won't there be
fewer and fewer enemies luu felt that it
was a good idea to continue to keep this
Hero's conference going this dashia
Hero's circle of his will be very scary
in the future but this seems to be the
only son of the Marshall Sage
the correct way to open with the banquet
over various Heroes and heroins have
used their connections to keep pulling
people in for a moment the whole big
summer blue star can be said to be wind
up clouds Marshall St L Ching's
connections were very wide but he wasn't
familiar with all Marshall Kings and
Marshall
Emperors however in luu's Heroes of the
grandia chat Group after constantly
pulling people in he was able to see
almost all the direct descendants of
Martial Kings and martial Emperors
needless to say this is a very
exaggerated
situation in such a group of powerful
and Noble classes martial arts families
and Geniuses and demons only
luu the only son of the martial Saint
could hold down the scene after all
Dasha only his father this one martial
arts Saint then the competition father
who can beat him of the group there was
only one person that could slightly
compare to luu his name is Xiao Jing his
father's name was xia
wuan his realm was a marshall Emperor
but he was different from ordinary
Marshall Emperors many people called him
Marshall Emperor great Perfection
halfstep Marshall Saint the future
second Marshall Saint he was the second
of the future Marshall Saints it was
said that jawanan had once been Lu
Ching's life and death friend as well
but because of the wear and tear of his
Marshal will and the contamination of
his spiritual realm during a battle with
the evil God he had been recuperating at
home
originally he really did have a certain
chance to break through to the Marshall
Saint realm but
unfortunately ever since that injury he
had lost a certain opportunity to breakr
to this day it was said that the
contamination of the spiritual realm had
been repaired and the Marshall will was
intact but there had been no news of any
further advancement in Marshall
cultivation Lu Chan Chang went over to
visit several times and was extremely
sorry about this Lu Chong xang was not a
small-minded person on the contrary he
longed for another Marshall Saint more
than anyone else that way the burden on
his shoulders would be much easier even
though xiaan Yuan didn't have the means
to break through to the 10th realm his
Marshall Emperor Grand Circle strength
wasn't something an ordinary Marshall
Emperor could touch similar to Lu
Ching's
situation this Xiao Jing also jaia W
yuan's only son was just 7 years old
this year but something different was
that Xiao Jing's character was more
introverted and quiet unlike Lu U's
unbridled exuberance but all in all his
joining proved one thing nowadays luu's
small circle was already very powerful
for
luu this is good news the fourth stage
of the mission which is still so far
away finally has the possibility of
being completed if that doesn't work
then there's really nothing you can do
turning to the next day at luu's request
shono once again went to the Lu family
and brought luu to the cabinet to listen
to
politics ever since he met his master Lu
Chong yesterday jonza had been
extraordinarily attentive to this and
there was no doubt that this was a good
opportunity to be able to get in touch
with his teacher if the other senior
brothers and sisters knew that he still
went to the 10,000 laws building for
enlightenment I'm afraid they would be
redyed right a the spaceship chagona
looked at luu who was eating breakfast
with interest and casually asked I heard
that you organized a circle luu ate his
breakfast and said vaguely you know all
this the commotion is not small oh how
could I not know this shonza said with a
smile sort of Lou you nodded making more
friends is a good thing
but only if you can control so many
people shonza slowly spoke if what they
bring you is not benefits but endless
trouble then that's putting the cart
before the horse when L you heard this
he could not help but be a little
surprised he really did not expect jonza
to say something like this I have to say
it makes a lot of sense it's true that
having more friends is a good thing but
with that come some trouble let's just
say that true to form top politicians
all see things from a completely
different perspective luu nodded and
hurriedly put down the food in his hands
and sat upright with a look of earnestly
asking for advice he opened his mouth
and asked do you have any good advice
please also teach me when Jo Gonza saw
that luu reacted so quickly and directly
climbed up the pole looking for his own
experience he could not help but
directly freeze it's still a human child
that said is it really good to teach
such a young child thick and dark
tactics master and mistress won't come
after you will they but jonza thought
for a second didn't Master sheru let luu
go to listen to politics just to let him
see all this shonza thought for a moment
and directly began to teach Lou you
listened
attentively his big eyes full of
childish innocence flooded with light
making zonza feel too dirty and he was a
little embarrassed to go on but just a
little teaching some let L you in the
heart cannot help but sigh really worthy
of top politicians ah a simple sentence
there are 800 heart and soul whether it
is the means of doing things or the art
of dumping are breathtaking
the speed of the spaceship was fast and
in a short while luu was brought to the
cabinet by
zonza these cabinet ministers in regards
to luu's arrival had changed from being
shocked at first to being numb Now The
Power of Habit is
terrifying and luu who yesterday was
impossible for them to ignore has
subconsciously ignored today luu said on
a child's dining chair and listened
attentively to the deliberations of this
group of cabinet ministers today is
going to be a little more exciting than
yesterday for example one Cabinet member
accuses another of the crime of
withholding supplies from the front and
enriching himself another person
immediately responded that he had
already found out that there were not
that many people at the front line at
all and that the numbers were completely
unequal so the deduction was reasonable
and did not pose any problem s that
person immediately said that there was a
problem with the results of your
investigation and that the actual
situation was not like that at all and
that the little evidence alone was not
enough to make such an
inference another person again gave a
response the result is the two men were
not convinced by each other and had a
direct
quarrel however the quarrels of cabinet
ministers are naturally different from
those of ordinary people and in each of
their words there are clips and sticks
and even if there is not a single dirty
word every sentence is a word that kills
the heart Lu you watched from the
sidelines with a melon and a pair of big
sparkling eyes
fun finally an interesting scene chapter
31 the world is a giant straw man in the
cabinet scenes of mutual quarrels are
actually not uncommon it's only rarely
that you get along and get along like
did yesterday needless to say the world
is a giant straw man this would be true
even for a place like the Dasha cabinet
in the eyes of
Outsiders the Dasha cabinet is like a
Heavenly Court
unfathomable smelling a hint of breath
inside may be able to achieve
immortality but in reality these cabinet
ministers quarrel in addition to their
own Aura and the grandpa and grandma in
the vegetable market it seems to be no
different as he listened he heard some
of the truth of it what the two sides
are fighting for is not right or wrong
but interest that's a good point only
children distinguish between right and
wrong adults only look at the pros and
cons both sides have their own words
have their own reasoning arguing for
half a day but cannot be divided into a
result eventually they looked at the
Grand Executive Officer LV Shang Hong L
you
understood the so-called big exec turns
out to be a
referee some matters that are
contentious and refuse to budge from
each other are put at the disposal of
the big executive side Lu Shang Hong
frowned thinking for a moment and gave a
result let's take a step back on each
side on your side spit out a portion of
the supply on the other side ask for
Less supplies when the people on both
sides heard the result they saw fit to
stop arguing Lu you was surprised to
look at Lu Shang Hong good guy this is
in the mud right no the way you guys
handle things it's too casual luu has
the natural ability of
Unforgettable yesterday over a trip
today has memorized the faces of all the
cabinet members I don't know what their
names are or what faction they actually
belong to but I can probably tell who's
who you can also get a rough idea of
where they stand by the topics they
argue about of course this alone is not
a complete conclusion it is because
these cabinet members one after another
are basically old and cunning people and
their position can be changed at any
time when the proceedings were over luu
took the lead and grabbed the hand of
the person who had started the argument
in the first place the man looked at luu
with a stunned expression can you tell
me what your name is which faction are
you from Lou wasn't polite and directly
started checking his account what are
you asking for the man asked
curiously I find you interesting luu
gave his answer
the man was speechless for a while then
spoke my name is XO yanjun I'm from the
United faction and the Integrity faction
and you can join two factions at the
same time Lou you asked with some
curiosity normally you can't X yanjun
explained but the power of many factions
is too small and they join together to
give birth to the United faction so
that's how it is
luu came to a
realization nodded and said you are the
Integrity faction but that person is
attacking you with withholding supplies
from the front line and enriching
himself his heart can be punished no
wonder this xan jun's reaction was so
agitated just now if this thing is sat
down then it is not only xen jun's
problem alone the entire Integrity
faction behind him is going to be a big
problem in this this way it seems that
just a simple lip smacking the
consequences are so horrible the wind
and waves in this cabinet is really
dangerous the slightest carelessness
will capsize the ship if you look at it
from this perspective the big executive
officer luou Shang Hong made the right
choice to make peace with the situation
and being a peacemaker is not an easy
thing to do if you're not careful you're
likely to offend both sides after
chatting for a while longer luu let go
of Jo yanjun and found the man who had
argued with X yanjun at the beginning
the man was chatting with the others and
LU you found an opportunity to grab his
hand can you tell me what your name is
which faction is it luu raised his head
and looked at the man the man was
speechless for a while but still
answered patiently my name is wubo Yuan
technically I'm from the main War
faction just now Jo yanjun said that you
drink soldiers blood is that true luu
asked directly put his ass in
the air wubo youan blared and couldn't
help but curse dog gone Joan June he
doesn't even know the misery of the
hellstar
battlefield he just stands on the moral
High Ground in outputs sooner or later
I'll tear his hypocritical mask apart
one day brother woo restrain yourself in
front of the child the people at the
side spoke up in a hurry what's your
name and what faction are you from luu
looked at this person next to him this
guy why are you talking about yourself
my name is Giant painer and I'm from the
main piece faction sure giant Payne
replied ha Lou was a bit
surprised since you're the main peace
faction why are you on good terms with
his main War faction what's wrong with
that sure giant Payne smiled and said
even though we have different political
views we are both for dasha so why can't
we be friends luu couldn't help but feel
some admiration when he heard these
words at this time shonzo looked over he
picked luu up in a hug
time to go home boy oh Leu did not
resist and waved his little hand towards
these two see you tomorrow
uncles bye wubo Yuan and Sh Jin ping
were also very factious and waved their
hands towards him when luu returned to
zon's spaceship he recounted what had
just happened for example the conflict
between XO yanjun and wubo Yuan another
example is the wak Yuan and xinping are
obviously one of the warmongers and the
other of the
peacers but they are on very good terms
with each other shanga then explained
the reason to luu First there was the
issue of Wubba drinking soldiers blood
things are naturally not that simple the
hellstar battlefield could be described
as true to its name and tragic to the
extreme it could be reasonable to ask
for more supplies in order to keep the
big picture going wait which for the
most part would still go to the soldiers
and some would be handed out as a death
and action pension when luu heard this
he couldn't help but nod as for the
people of the main War faction and the
main peace faction why are they stirring
together naturally because they have
similar political ideas sh Gonza said
with a smile why is it almost the same
luu was a bit curious
the so-called main peace faction is to
eliminate all the enemies won't there be
peace shag Gonza explained so this is
the main piece faction luu could not
help but be a bit speechless playing
word games here not long after luu
returned home and after having lunch he
studied with his teacher Again by the
time it was evening luu said about
organizing the party whether it's the
main quest to gain the approval of the
cabinet ministers or a special mission
to gain the approval of 100
companions luu witch didn't give up two
hands this led to a slight time crunch
for luu by yuya was somewhat speechless
at this how does this kid make it seem
like he is busier than his father later
that night bayu ya touched luu's head
and asked
curiously I see that you've organizing
Banquets every day aren't you tired Leu
lying in by yuya's arms for a long time
but did not see to speak by yuya looked
down this child actually already asleep
chapter 32 the week cannot easily
criticize the strong luu was indeed
tired it's a tight schedule these days
the average three-year-old wouldn't have
that kind of energy play for a couple
hours then you have to take a nap and
luu almost has the same routine as
adults now and no nap time either thanks
to the transformation of his body by the
da embryo Dan and the dragon tiger
golden Dan luu's current body is not
comparable to that of an ordinary
three-year-old child but even so it was
still a bit tiring after all no matter
what when he says he's three he's
actually only a year eight or nine
months old now and his energy is limited
turning to the next day luu decided to
take a day off and not go to the cabinet
to listen to politics in the
cabinet cabinet ministers who came here
one after another saw that next to the
big executive officer there was no
familiar children's dining chairs and
could not help but be stunned that only
son of the Marshall Sage didn't he come
today some people still feel a little
weird there's always something missing
it had to be said that when there was
luu around everyone would be slightly
more restrained when they argued none of
them swearing much much less making a
move with luu out of the picture things
are back to the way they were before so
some people are actually starting to
miss luu having the Marshall Saints only
son sitting here seemed like a good idea
in the meantime Lou U's home he's just
finished breakfast and is watching TV
since he started eating staple foods luu
drank milk a little less often if the
quest to gain the approval of the
cabinet ministers also had a progress
bar at this moment he could definitely
see that the quest progress bar had
grown a bit instead even though he
clearly hadn't gone to the cabinet yet
after a while Lu chang chung
unexpectedly came over and sat next to
luu usually Li Chang xang was very
busy sometimes even appearing only once
a month rarely sitting next to him and
watching TV together luu froze for a
moment staring at this cheap old man in
a days what's wrong Lu Chang Chang
looked at him dad rarely watches TV with
me so I was a little surprised Lu you
said
truthfully when Lu Chang xang heard this
he felt a little
heartbroken there is so much for him to
do during the week that it is inevitable
that he will have much less time to
spend with the kids sure it was
precisely because of this that he tried
his best to fulfill all those requests
of luu even if they were
ridiculous what are you watching Lu
chaning changed the subject and glanced
at the TV the post above is explaining
the military battle I'm watching the
battle on
hellstar luu replied Lu you is
interested in fighting Lu chaning was a
bit
surprised no it's like this Lu you
briefly told Lu changen what happened
yesterday so that's how it is Lu Ching
nodded and asked then how do you feel
about this matter luu
I think both sides make sense luu
thought for a moment and replied but I
think that it's the fact that the system
isn't set up well enough that caused the
situation to arise if the system is
relatively better it should be able to
avoid this situation when Li Chang xang
heard this he first froze but he didn't
react too much after all in luu's body
there were just too many unimpressive
things that had been shown it was normal
to say such words and have such thinking
at this moment then luu do you have any
good
suggestions Lu chonging asked no lu you
shook his head I'm too small and have
little knowledge giving some random
advice is simply laughable and I haven't
personally Been to Hell star I don't
know the situation over there so who am
I to give my own advice Li chong chong
thinks
this son of his own has grown up some
more he actually learned about being
Hands-On and about adapting to the
situation this steadiness is very rare
Lu chaning just wanted to speak but he
heard Lu you
continue and and
moreover systems are dead and people are
alive and even the most perfect system
will always have this problem and that
problem as time passes
so there is actually no such thing as a
perfect system Lu you with a serious
face slowly said as far as I know the
current system mostly dad you that time
set down with the passage of time these
systems appear a variety of problems and
cannot be completely blamed dad cannot
you're actually comforting yourself Lu
Chang xang was speechless for a while
who knows the next second luu added but
I think that if there are just too many
problems then Dad you should reflect on
it now that there are so many problems
Dad you are
responsible Lu Chong xen Nice Guy what a
great guy in the entire human Community
I'm afraid that other than L you there
was no one else who dared to speak to Lu
changing like this
Lu Chan Chang felt his hands itching a
bit the kids a little underp punched
earlier when he heard that bay yuyo had
beaten him several times Lu chaning
still thought that there was nothing to
beat him up for it was only at this
moment when he was opened wide by luu's
face like this that he realized the
reason why bayu Yao couldn't help but do
it it was also at this time bayyo walked
over with a fruit plate just heard that
by Yu Yao couldn't help but laugh out
loud
originally Lu Chong Chang was still able
to hold back but as a result bayu ya
couldn't directly tense up with this
laugh then luu suffered the ass is
blooming again no way that's what it
takes being a kid or such a young kid
often just takes a toll when it comes to
telling some big truths
in fact with luu's level of
intelligence it was simply too simple if
he wanted to not get beaten who doesn't
know how to say nice things how can you
get beaten if you say more nice things
to your parents but in his opinion it
wouldn't work there was something he had
to say it's about expressing your
opinion even if the price is a beating
if you can get a few beatings in
exchange for adults looking at you
squarely and not treating you like a
child it's totally worth it because
that's how many parents are even if
their own little child is smart or even
called a child prodigy he will treat his
son as a little child and not take
anything he says to Heart luu had many
such examples in his previous life where
parents would not trust their own son
even if they trusted an uninvolved
outsider this distrust is not so much
that your own son is inferior to
Outsiders
but frankly that you are treated like a
child even if your own kids are grown up
and still treat you like a kid luu
doesn't want to be childish all the time
so there were times when even though he
knew he would be beaten he just went for
the
jugular in fact no matter whether it was
Lu Chang xang or Bay yuya their hands
were quite light and wouldn't be
particularly painful after all they only
had one child
Lu youu after a beating Lu Chang Ching
smiled and said do you know you're wrong
Lu you bean I know Lu Chang xang asked
what's wrong Lu you said the weak cannot
easily criticize the strong Lu Chong xen
and luu I am not yet strong if I am
strong there will be
changes hearing this Lu Chang xang and
bayu yo looked at each other seeing the
situation luu hurriedly said I was
joking a beating would be nice not mixed
doubles chapter 33 new special
assignments by yuyo rubbed medicine on
luu's butt this is the top of the
healing medicine onl you asked the small
injury can be said to be a big thing
after rubbing this medicine but half an
hour we be able to recover to 7 or 8 in
the entire human race you're the only
one that dares to talk to your father
like that Bay yuyo shook her head hey
luu laughed not complimenting you bayu
ya was infuriated and laughed her Palm
lifted and with a snap she slapped luu's
but again
Mom you're still rubbing the medicine
luu protested at this sneak attack that
was not based on martial ethics was this
considered slapping with iodine Vapors
and disinfecting while slapping you also
know that you're rubbing Medicine by
yuyo grunted be honest oh luu hung his
head I heard what you said about your
dad by yuya slowly said things aren't as
simple as you think
you'll know in the future your father
has already done a good enough job luu
lowered his head and didn't say anything
by yuyo thought he was sulking so she
sighed and didn't continue
talking however luu wasn't sulking
because a new Quest had actually been
triggered on the light screen in front
of him trigger special assignment you
worked hard to gain the approval of the
cabinet members yet it was not that
simple and you knew how exaggerated the
difficulty of it was but you had no
intention of giving up during this time
you learn a secret a secret about your
father Lu Chang Ching's gradual demise
it turns out that your Marshall sa
father who hasn't shown a smile for 30
years isn't just because of you and that
heavy burden on his body but there's
another reason Xiao when youan Xiao Wan
you wan that was your father's brother
comrade in arms and best friend yet he
betrayed the human race and joined the
alien Camp ever since the rise of the
human race in the universe it is not
uncommon to see people betraying the
human race it can even be said that it
is
commonplace however there has never been
a strong person of the Marshal Emperor
realm jaw yuan's betrayal left Lu
chaning in disbelief and and for a time
he fell into
self-doubt he kept tracking down the
truth and realized that things weren't
simple and that it didn't seem to be his
intention but no matter what jaia Wan
Yuan had already betrayed and there was
no turning back please try to reach out
to Cho man Yuan and get his approval
Mission reward nine turn Soul
restoration Elixir luu couldn't help but
Furrow his brows when he saw this
mission that had suddenly appeared what
does the system mean is this because you
don't think you're busy enough I can't
believe I've been given a new
assignment this Quest
reward though it's a bit of something
the nine revolutions pill the name
sounds like an Elixir that can bring the
dead back to life if that's the case
it's a bull's eye in fact as early as a
long time ago luu found out that the
system gives these Rewards
some bias towards the immortal side
items basically not in this world
afterward luu carefully looked at the
mission details and fell into deep
thought if you put it in 40 years this
Mission would be absolutely menacing
need to reach out to xia wuan who is in
a foreign race the risk factor can be
enormous but this wasn't 40 years later
and the xia wuan at this point in time
hadn't betrayed the human community so
there was no risk at all the difficulty
of this task drops off all of a sudden
but and here comes the problem if it was
true that xiaan Yuan was destined to
betray the human race then what should
Lu you do to stop this from happening
tell Dad luck Chun s directly but that's
the Intel from the system and there
might not even be a hint of what's going
on right now this is really not a good
idea in that case it seems that we can
only take one step at a time after
thinking about it Lu you looked up mom
whom by Yu ya glanced at him what's
wrong do you know Xiao W youu on luu
said how could you not recognize it by
Yu ya nodded that's your father's good
brother so can you introduce me I want
to be friends with him luu said put aayu
ya couldn't help but laugh out loud when
she heard this there was no way luu was
just too funny when he said this in his
serious tone he is the peak of a
dignified Marshall Emperor and back then
he was even just one step away from
stepping into a marshall Saint so what
makes you friends with him BYU ya asked
with a smile I'm not so bad luu said
rightfully my dad is a marshall Saint
and since he's my dad's good brother why
haven't I ever seen him the reason is
complicated Bay yuyo said thoughtfully
he is sick and needs to
recuperate still not well luu asked the
news from the outside world said that it
had been well for a long time but it had
been externally claimed to be
recuperating well but not completely
well bayu ya glanced at luu and said why
are you asking this you still really
want to be friends with him aha luu
nodded
vigorously don't disturb people's rest
Bay yuyo shook her head seeing that it
doesn't work on Mom's side luu didn't
act
unreasonably anyway he's got it covered
later that night
banquet Lu you pulled in Xiao Jing the
son of Xiao when you won obviously Xiao
Jing was much older than him but at the
moment he was like a good little brother
sitting very obediently next to him Lu
you wanted to spit out you are so well
behaved I am afraid you will not fit in
however on second thought Jiao Jing's
family situation was is not good his
mother died early and his father was
sick since he was a child he almost
always played alone and deep down he
should have longed for a friend no need
to be formal luu took jaia Jing's hand
and asked with a smile your father and
my father are good Brothers you should
know that right so we should be good
brothers too aha Xiao Jing nodded her
voice like a
mosquito quiet as a girl to be honest Lu
was tempted to pull out his crotch with
one hand to see if this guy was a man or
a woman but considering that Xiao Jing's
character was so soft if she really came
to this she might give someone a social
death and be so scared that she would
never come back to the party again and
that wouldn't work as a boss you still
have to look like a boss you still have
to take care of your image the point is
the stage is still stuck it is currently
68 out of 100 progress is up a bit more
but it's still a fair way from being
finished luu could only focus on tasks
that were well
accomplished he looked at Xiao Jing and
continued but then again your father has
been recuperating at home and it's
really not right that I as a
junior haven't even gone to visit I
wonder if you can help me with an
introduction so that I can go over and
pay a visit when Xiao Jing heard this
his face changed drastically and his
head shook like a rattle don't
never my dad he he likes to be quiet and
doesn't like to be disturbed so you'd
better not go over there really I won't
lie to you Xiao Jing spoke hurriedly
his emotions getting a little
agitated chapter 34 sword Dow genius Lu
you also didn't realized that he was
only asking to see his father but Xiao
Jing's emotions would be so agitated and
he was also extremely vocal in his
opposition seeing this luu didn't
continue to insist smiled and said in
that case it can't be helped well Xiao
Jen couldn't help but breathe a sigh of
relief when he saw Leu give up and then
he felt overwhelmed and hurriedly
apologized sorry it's fine luu shook his
head he wasn't an idiot seeing that ja
Jing actually reacted this way he
naturally guessed that what was going on
here wasn't simple luu couldn't help but
think that not long ago mom was also
reluctant to bring herself to see xiaw
Yuan although at that time mom's
emotions were not as agitated as Xiao
jings but now that she thought about it
carefully she still detected that
something was wrong when you think about
it there's more to it than that since
Jia wuan was a good brother to his own
father and he hadn't seen him once since
his own birth even at the time of New
Year's Eve they didn't walk around each
other it definitely shouldn't be there's
's a lot of hidden agendas here I'm
afraid
originally Lu you also felt that the
newly triggered special Mission could be
considered very simple in
comparison I didn't realize it would be
easy at all after the banquet is over
luu made a communication call to
zonza not a moment too soon zona's
virtual image appeared in the room he
looked at luu and asked with a smile
looking for me for something
going to the cabinet tomorrow to listen
to politics luu shook his head and said
it's not because of that although I do
have to go listen to politics the main
purpose of the call is not that I mainly
want to ask you about xia
wuan who jonza visibly froze when he
heard the name Xiao
wuan Lou you
repeated why are you asking about him
shonza looked luu and spoke with some
misgivings I heard that he's my father's
good brother and it just so happens that
I'm organizing a banquet these two days
and his son Xiao Jing is coming to
attend but I realize that I haven't seen
this elder once so it's inevitable that
I'm a bit curious Lou you casually found
a reason Master
sheru didn't say anything to you about
him SCH gunza said after thinking about
it just simply said something and didn't
answer
positively Lu you waved his hand
otherwise I wouldn't have come to ask
you since master sheru and mother aren't
even talking to you it's even more
important that I don't say anything
shonza shook his head it's not when Lu
you heard this he was inevitably a bit
dumbfounded how come each one of them
had become a riddler you told me in
secret I won't tell anyone no you'd
better ask Master
sheru this kind of thing about Elders I
don't dare to reveal it to you freely
joon's tone was very
Resolute then directly hung up the
communication when luu saw this he
couldn't help but Furrow his tiny
brows this thing it's a lot more
complicated than he thought so it looks
like a roundabout strategy will have to
be used to get more specific
information that night Liu lay in by
yuya's arms and slept mom tell me a
story about when Dad was young luu said
this hearing this a yuya naturally had
no reason to refuse so he spoke briefly
with luu only the direction of the story
was not quite what luu thought by yuya
was telling the story of her and LU
Chang Chang the Duo's first acquaintance
was at Blue Star
University and that's when they fell in
love at first sight as luu listened he
hadn't felt strange but he suddenly
reacted wait not right ah what's wrong
by yuyo looked at him I remember when
Dad was studying at Blue Star
University he was just 10 years old
right L you thought about it before Lu
Chang Shang said this to him at the age
of 10 he was admitted to Blue Star
University and as a result his mom
actually said that it was love at first
sight during his time in college in
other words no matter how many years
pops luu changing was in college at the
time he was just a
teenager thinking of this luu looked at
his old mom with
consternation mom how old were you when
you were in college by yuyo
bad I can't believe luu found a hole in
this story how should she answer such a
pointed question you can't just tell her
that you were
18 can you is this a story about a big
sister trying to abduct A Gifted young
man just as bayya was secretly having a
headache thinking about how to explain
luu continued to speak mom tell me the
rest of the story about Dad all right by
yuyo who was already weak-minded
immediately went along with the steps
and began to tell other stories
inevitably the name Xiao wuan was
mentioned luu obediently asked Xiao
onean isn't this the Elder who got sick
and had to
recuperate mom can you tell us about him
if it was any other day bayu Yao could
immediately react that luu is cing on
however at the moment by yuya was a bit
weak and didn't think much about it at
all you should have heard of his
reputation Peak Marshall Emperor
Marshall Emperor Grand
completion halfstep Marshall Saint even
your father has said that he has high
hopes of achieving a 10rm marshall Saint
by
coincidents he was in our class too I
have to say that the quality of the
students in that class blue star
University was one of the highest ever
bar nun unlike your father jauan was a
genius of the sword da he was obsessed
with the sword da since he was a child
and after he grew up he even created the
path of the sword and martial arts at
the same realm his sword da can be
called
invincible and even your father can only
avoid it
unfortunately something has happened
since then speaking here bayyo suddenly
stopped what happened luu asked in a
hurry hearing this bayyo shook her head
and said I'm not too sure tell me
briefly L you said
blury the Heavenly pivot Starfield War
have you ever heard of it bayyo said
after some thought of course I've heard
of it Lu you nodded who doesn't know
about this battle everyone says that it
was a crucial battle for the survival of
the human community and it was during
that battle that Dad managed to break
through to the 10th realm and made a
move to kill three extraterrestrial evil
gods and managed to preserve the human
Community yes that battle was quite
thrilling if it wasn't for that battle
I'm afraid that the human race would
have already fallen to the evil God
familiars by yuyo nodded and
continued actually xiaan Yuan was also
in that battle it was him who slowed
down the attacking footsteps of the
Extraterrestrial evil God and managed to
buy some precious time before your
father managed to break through to the
10th realm his
injuries they also fell from that battle
Lu you pondered that's right by Yu Yao
nodded chapter 35 a house of 10,000 laws
luu listened to the story but in his
heart he inevitably had some doubts is
this story really that's simple if
that's all it was then jonza definitely
shouldn't have kept his mouth shut
moreover in the systems panel text it
was even mentioned that jaia onean had
betrayed the human race and the matter
behind this was equally uncomplicated
Lu you was keenly aware that something
was wrong but he understood all the same
that if he continued to ask he would
more than likely not be able to get any
results but there's quite a bit of
useful information in that speech two
for example that jaia wuan was
surprisingly a sord doubt genius since
this was the case it would be very
simple to gain his approval all one
needed to do was to show his talent for
the sword da
earlier within the many rewards that luu
had obtained one of them was inate sword
intent since he was too young to
officially practice martial arts he had
to put it on hold I didn't realize it
would come in handy for a follow-up
Mission luu inexplicably had a
premonition could it be that when the
system gave this reward of innate sword
intent it was because of this current
Quest otherwise for no reason at all
what's the point of giving a reward for
born sword intent don't say it's still a
real
possibility it couldn't be that the
system wanted to let himself worship
Xiao wuan as his teacher seeing Lou use
pensive expression by Yu Yao asked with
some
curiosity what are you thinking about
I'm wondering if I want to worship xia
wanan as my master and inherit his
mantle L you opened his mouth why do you
want to worship Him your father is a
marshall Saint BYU ya asked with some
surprise dad said to me once before that
the same path cannot lead to a second
martial Saint luu slowly said so if I
want to practice martial arts in the
future it would be best if I don't
follow his old path completely or else
I'll at most achieve Marshall Emperor
and won't be able to break through to
the limit of the nine Realms by yuyo
she wanted to spit out your kid hasn't
even practiced martial arts yet and
you're actually thinking about breaking
through the limit of the ninth realm
simply don't be too exaggerated oh for
the average martial artist The Rift of
cultivation lies in the sixth realm and
to become a sixth realm patriarch would
already be a generation of Masters
breaking through the Marshall King that
was even more of a genius among geniuses
Marshall Emperors on the other hand were
a 100 foot pole and few existed as for
Marshall Saints for 2,000 years of the
star Marshall calendar there was only
one Marshall Saint Lu Chong Shen as for
before the star Marshall calendar
although there had been records of
Marshall Saints appearing the
truthfulness of those records was
subject to a question mark after all
before the star Marshall calendar a six
realm patriarch was a party of greatness
that could start a sect
moreover according to the research and
investigation of some Scholars the
so-called martial Saints at that time
were most likely just the current
Marshal King realm all in all the
difficulty of breaking through to
Marshall Saint was nothing short of
exaggerated to the
extreme however since her own son was so
confident it was not good for her to
speak out against him however he heard
luu continue to say to himself since
Uncle Xiao is no longer able to break
through to the 10th realm if I can
inherit his mantle and succeed in
breaking through to the 10th realm he
should be very pleased as well right by
yuyo somewhat couldn't help herself you
kid is really confident cultivation is
hard don't be blindly proud and arrogant
although by Yu Yao couldn't bear to blow
her son's confidence she didn't want him
to be proud and
arrogant I know luou you nodded of
course he knew that cultivation was
difficult if cultivation wasn't
difficult in the future recorded by the
system panel he wouldn't have reached
the age of 40 before he was at the
fourth Realm of the martial arts but the
thing is now he's open for business the
da embryo Dan transformed the found
foundation of the body and there were
all kinds of talents innate sword intent
the power of the dragon and tiger an
unforgettable Vision which was more than
a little bit higher than other people's
starting point in addition there were
also the realm breaking pills J Gua
dragon and tiger golden pills and so on
as helpers if this wasn't even a little
bit confident then Lu you would simply
stop cult cating when by Yu ya heard
this she glanced at his little face
again and seeing that he was still so
confident she thought for a moment and
said even though you can't cultivate
right now I'll take you to a place so
that you can see the world and know that
the path of cultivation in this world
isn't as simple as you think it is what
place luu's eyes lit up you'll know when
you go B yuyo said with a smile
subsequently Bayo led luu to the
backyard cultivation field of the
Marshall Saints residence further inside
a loft with a huge footprint could be
seen the Loft has an old-fashioned
plaque with three large letters manfa
house bayyo held luu's hand and slowly
said this is the place where your father
collected the great summer martial arts
after he achieved the Marshall Saint
realm at the realm of the Marshall saint
returning to the basics he Blended all
the martial arts of all the great s
removing the wheat from the chaff and
leaving the chaff behind leaving behind
his own
insights which are recorded in this
10,000 laws building luu's eyes widened
in some surprise as he listened to Bay
yuya's
introduction it hadn't really occurred
to him that there was actually such a
powerful place in the house that he'd
never been to this was actually not his
fault who made the Marshall St residence
so big if by yuyo hadn't brought luu
here he wouldn't have been able to walk
here in half a day let's go I'll let you
see it a yuya smiled faintly and led luu
into the manifestation building luu
nodded and followed by Yu Ya by Yu ya
pushed open the heavy door and luu's
small feet had only just landed when he
felt a fluctuation in the surrounding
space looking around again luu realiz
realized that he had arrived in a
marvelous space the sky was made up of
countless densely written words that
spread from the top of his head to the
limit of his vision there were also tens
of thousands of volumes of martial arts
books floating around and they were in
different forms some consisting of mere
words While others were presented in the
form of pictures in others they were
composed of images some were simply
composed of sounds and even more
just a single sword Mark had an
ineffable Dow in it it was clearly just
a sword mark But the amount of
information was so much that it made
one's scalp numb and just by looking at
it one would want to sit on the ground
to properly comprehend it luu swept
through it with a single glance and an
exact number suddenly appeared in his
mind 98,000 volumes are these the
handiwork of the father luu originally
did not have a visualized concept of the
realm of Martial Saint it was only after
seeing this terrifying number of martial
arts at this moment that he had glimpsed
the tip of the iceberg of Martial Saints
is this the sage of martial arts before
Lu Chang xang broke through the 10th
realm for a long time people agreed that
the ninth realm was the limit nine is
the extreme of numbers it is both young
and extreme the height of the heavens is
the nine heavens and the extremity of
the the Earth is the nine Springs the
limit of martial arts naturally also
nine Realms after the ninth realm there
was no longer a path yet Lu changing
never believed in this as a result he
really let him break through the limit
of the nine Realms and walk out of the
path of the 10 realms just then luu felt
a repulsive force and he had this
feeling he would be kicked out of this
marvelous space if he didn't proceed to
Enlightenment how can this be we've come
all this way chapter 36 Marshall Saint
means neet jaia when you won luu looked
toward the sword Mark among these
98 0000 volumes of martial arts this
sword Mark was the only one that touched
him the most deeply just a brief look at
it makes you want to sit on the floor
and take in the experience Lou you
didn't hesitate
and directly sat down on the spot to
realize the Dao contained in this sword
Mark although his old dad Lu Chong shung
had said that he could not become a
second Marshall Saint by following his
path but it didn't mean that luu
couldn't comprehend his martial arts luu
was naturally clear about the reasoning
behind choking you can't stop taking in
Pop's martial arts path just because you
can't follow the same path can you how
to achieve Marshall sainthood was not
something that needed to be considered
until one reached at least the martial
Emperor realm luu hadn't even stepped
onto the path of martial arts
cultivation yet thinking about how to
break through to Marshall Saint now
that's really
ridiculous and as the saying goes the
blue is better than the blue he was
perfectly capable of comprehending these
martial arts and stepping out on his own
path inside the manifestation building
by yuo look down at luu who was in the
middle of his
Enlightenment and couldn't help but open
her mouth not what is this she had
brought luu over just to show him the
world and let him know the depths of the
martial arts not for luu to come over
and participate in the
enlightenment generally speaking it was
impossible for a child as old as luu to
comprehend the martial arts the depth of
the martial way was so profound that it
was rare for a martial artist before the
fifth realm to be able to penetrate into
it even a little bit let alone a kid who
hasn't even started cultivating yet you
didn't learn to walk and you just flew
it's just not
scientific on the path of Marshall
cultivation the first realm practiced
skin and flesh the second realm forged
sinus and Bones the Third Realm refined
the organs the fourth realm replaced the
blood and the fifth realm forged the
golden body and and only at this stage
did he begin to comprehend the Marshall
way condense into the Dharma phase and
break through to the sixth realm in
other words the Marshall da in this
10,000 laws building was barely
accessible until one reached at least
the fifth
realm however
luu even directly skipped the stage of
physical cultivation and directly began
to participate in
Enlightenment although Bay yuyo also
knew that her own son was a genius she
still didn't expect that he would be a
genius to this extent For a Moment by
yuya didn't know if this was good or bad
because luu had entered a state of
Enlightenment by yuya dared not disturb
him even more casually BYU yo thought
about it and called Lu Chang Shang over
Lu Chang xang was still busy but when he
heard that his son was in the 10,000
laws building for
enlightenment he was shocked and
directly rushed back in a hurry
how long has he been in
Enlightenment Lu Chang Ching stared at
luu and hurriedly asked 28 minutes by
yuyo said this Lu Chang xang furrowed
his brows then he also sat down on his
knees and entered the space of
Enlightenment this 10,000 Dharma
building each person who came in for
enlightenment had a separate
space however this was no big deal to Lu
Chong xong who was the creator and
naturally opened the back door to enter
other people's Enlightenment spaces at
will after Lu Chang Chang entered luu's
Marshall Space he immediately felt the
sharp sword intent on him he looked up
only to see a stone tablet hovering
above luu's head there was no writing on
that stone tablet only a sword Mark as
luu continued to
comprehend the sword marks on that stone
tablet became fainter and fainter seeing
this scene Lu Ching's face was a bit
complicated I really didn't expect that
little luu was actually a sword Dow
seedling after another moment luu slowly
opened his eyes the sword Aura in his
eyes was almost impossible to hide the
whole person's temperament had changed
quite a bit as if it was an absolute
sword that had just been sharpened it
was a rewarding experience for the
majority of the hour of
Enlightenment The Sword in inent in that
sword Mark made luu's understanding of
the sword path grow by an unknown amount
suddenly he was startled to find his old
man beside him why are you here
naturally because of you Lu Chang Xing
glanced at luu then waved his hand don't
continue to Enlighten this sword Mark is
enough for you to digest for a long time
if you continue to Enlighten you'll hurt
your spirit in just half an hour luu's
speed of understanding of the way of the
sword was almost faster than a rocket
and this Pleasant feeling of constant
Enlightenment really made people want to
stop after the enlightenment was over
luu subconsciously wanted to Enlighten
other martial arts hearing his dad say
that luu decisively gave up to continue
to
Enlightenment his own father could not
possibly harm himself after luu exited
this space and returned to the 10,000 in
laws building by Yu Yao hurriedly asked
what did he
comprehend sword Dow Stone tablet Lu
Chang xang said ha bayu yya was a bit
surprised when she heard this it's
actually that sword Dow Stone tablet
this kid really does have a talent for
the sword da a yeah what's wrong Lu
Chong xang asked a little
strangely it's like this
by yuyo briefly repeated what luu had
said earlier then said with emotion I
didn't expect that he's really a genius
of the sword da why don't we let Him
worship xiaan Yuan as his teacher so
that he can have an inheritance for his
mantle even if a child says such things
do you really think that a marshall
Saint is that good it's still unknown if
he can achieve Marshall saint that way
Lu Chang Shing slowly shook his head
then smile and said but then again I
indeed haven't seen him for a while I'm
afraid he still doesn't know that this
son of mine is a
genius right or an absolute Genius of
the sword da you're going to go show off
in front of him bayu yo was a bit
speechless he's still
recuperating is it really okay for you
to stimulate him like this what's wrong
with that Lu Chang xen grinned
and as he directly grabbed luu his
footsteps gently stepped forward luu
didn't feel the flying movement just a
blink of an eye and he had changed
places the architectural style of this
side of the house was markedly different
from that of his own and it seemed
extremely cold this is here luu was
dumbfounded here it is Lu chaning put
down luu this is instantaneous transfer
luu was stunned his old man had just
taken him just one step forward and came
directly to the side this kind of means
when it was really
astonishing is this the means of a
marshall saint St as hell pretty much Lu
chaning nodded slightly then looked up
and said brother when you w an old
friend is here and you don't come out to
greet him
as soon as the words fell the door
slowly pulled open and a slim man
dressed in white slowly walked out the
white clothed man's waist was straight
and his entire body seemed like a sharp
sword however luu could clearly feel
that the aura of his body was a bit dark
like a sharp sword rusting I don't know
what the Marshall Sage Lou is doing here
in person ah jaia when you asked with an
expressionless face naturally there is a
reason here this is my son
luu Lu Chang xang touched luu's head and
introduced he just turned three this
year and I haven't brought him to meet
you yet so I'll bring him to meet the
elders when xia wuan heard this he
subconsciously glanced at luu he could
clearly feel the sharp sword intent on
luu this
xia wuan was a little unable to calm
down you just said how old he is chapter
37 born with a sword heart Lu chang
chung watched Jaan yuan's face Chang and
showed his teeth and smiled 3 years old
strictly speaking this is an imaginary
age to be
precise a year old and eight or 9 months
it hadn't occurred to me to bring into
you as a result result tonight he went
to play at my 10,000 laws building and
accidentally enlisted that sword Dow
Stone tablet of yours so I thought that
since he hadn't seen you once either I'd
bring him over to see you how's that for
a good catch Xiao one you w that's
showing off isn't it this must be
showing off right it's showing off no
matter how you look at it compared to
the luu in front of him that incompetent
son of his own family had really almost
pissed him off that sword Dow Stone
tablet even though I carved it with my
own hands it's really not easy for a
young child to be able to comprehend it
Xiao wuan slowly said in the meantime a
line of text appeared on the light
screen in front of luu mission completed
you have successfully gained xiaan
yuan's approval the reward item nine
Revolutions of the Soul has has been
released nine turns of Soul restoration
pill rank seventh quality perfect type
consumable effects after taking it in
the next 24 hours if the body suffers
irreversible damage the effects of this
Elixir will be triggered as a
priority thus reversing the in and yang
returning the soul to life and repairing
all the damages description a magical
Elixir made by a great power from the
ancient times it is worth noting that if
a person who is already dead eats this
Elixir again it will not produce any
effect it should also be noted that this
Elixir is not of a high grade and has a
very limited range of effects luu
glanced at the introduction of the nine
revolutions Soul restoration pill stuff
was undoubtedly good for sure but a
little different than what he'd thought
at first the nine Revolution soulle
restoration pill he thought was the kind
that could bring the dead back to life
when eaten but this one given by the
system is clearly not so you need to
take it in advance and then take damage
within 24 hours to trigger the effect
that means if you don't get fatally
injured within 24 hours the potion will
be
ineffective it's gone it always feels a
bit
chicken however at least one more means
to save your life life right it's not
bad it's better than nothing just as luu
was thinking this the system Quest
triggered again special Mission
triggered you have gone out of your way
to finally meet ja one you w and managed
to gain his
approval however this is only the first
step next please become his disciple and
bring him back to the human race stage
one Mission become his disciple Quest
reward born with a sword in mind Phase 2
mission bring Cho manam back to the
human race Mission reward natural
ability sword da tongin Leu looked at
the mission that flashed by again and
couldn't help but let his eyes light up
if you look at it from a systemic point
of view 40 years later jaia wuan
rebelled against the human race in such
a
situation wanting to become his disciple
the difficulty that was natur Al not
generally
exaggerated and the risk factor is
extremely high once the others found out
the consequences were
unimaginable
furthermore bringing him back to the
human Community would be even more
ridiculously difficult the decision of a
peak Marshall Emperor ah how could it be
easily changed so this special mission
is pretty much the equivalent of a side
mission it's way too difficult with
relatively not that high of a payoff and
a tremendous amount of risk but for the
current luu but there is no risk ah it's
almost like a reward for nothing cool to
feel that way the grip is on the system
Lu Chang xang glanced at luu and said
smugly that's natural he's my son
brother when you won
what kind of thing is it to talk outside
the house why don't you introduce us in
it was me who was rude xuan came back to
his senses and hurriedly welcomed Lu
Chang xang in in the ensuing chat Lu
Chang xang pressed the matter of
worshiping the master just to W xiaw
yuan's appetite in the end it was Xiao
wuan who couldn't help himself this kid
and I are Kindred Spirits why don't we
let Him worship me as his teacher and
it's good to have someone to inherit
those sword in martial arts ways of mind
when Li Chang xang heard this he laughed
lightly and said don't I want someone to
inherit this mantle of Marshall Saint
Jawuan looked at luu and said without
lifting his head you can't get two
Marshall Saints out of one road it's not
like you don't know when L Chang xang
heard this he let out a sigh and said
since brother wuan has said said so then
I can only reluctantly agree it's
obviously a bargain but it's like
selling a favor jaia wanan also ignored
him and touched luu's head softly saying
come over to me when you have time in
the future and I will tell you what is
the way of the sword in martial arts luu
blinked and hastily
shouted master jaia wanan was first
stunned then he couldn't help but glance
at luch ch Shang and said with a smile
your son even knows better than you hoof
Lu Chang xang hummed but didn't say
anything more good since you called me
master from now on I am your master
Jawuan looked at luu and nodded I'll
pour my heart out and teach you the true
solution to the sword da at this moment
the system panel in front of luu's eyes
suddenly appeared with a prompt phase
one of the mission has been completed
Mission rewards have been issued born
with the sword in mind this instant the
many unanswered questions from previous
references to the sword Dow Stone tablet
were resolved so that's how it is there
was no doubt that with this reward being
handed out luu's originally even
formidable sword Dow Talent became even
more astonishing and Heaven defying l
the mysteries of it while looking up at
Lu changing and asked without moving I'm
not 3 years old yet isn't it true that I
can't
cultivate what can't be carried out is
just martial arts
cultivation what does it have to do with
this sword da of mine xia Wan Yuan said
carelessly ah luu was a little
confused and only then did he react to
why his father had specially brought
himself over so it turned out that the
path of sword and martial arts could be
practiced in advance when you think
about it it makes sense the way of the
sword is it not such an
inconvenience it's just that if you're
practicing the way of the sword you're
already strapped for time and that's
going to be even more
strained got to get organized to do that
the cabinet side which is considered the
main mission should never be abandoned
the evening's Heroes assembly
although it was a side quest had reached
a critical juncture and there was even
less reason to give it up thinking about
it I can only condescend to mister look
Wang Thai although Mister Li Guang Tai's
lectures were witty and humorous and
could help Lu you to understand all
kinds of things in this world as soon as
possible but as the saying goes it is
better to give priority to the two
benefit
can only optimize Mr L kuang tie off and
after such a long time he already knew
enough about the world all that was left
was to learn the boring cultural
knowledge if one couldn't
cultivate learning would be learning but
now that one had a choice one naturally
had to prioritize
cultivation after all in this star
Marshall age cultivation came first
before he couldn't cultivate because of
his age but now that he could finally
cultivate Lu you could be very much
looking forward to it chapter 38 the
path of the sword in martial arts jao
Jing looked at luu blankly he remembered
that at the afternoon banquet after luu
made this suggestion to visit he hastily
declined mainly because he was afraid
that his temperamental father would not
give blue you a good look at all and it
would not be good if he made a bad scene
who knew that in the blink of an eye luu
had become his father's personal
disciple that attitude was much more
cordial than treating
himself obviously I am the biological
son a Xiao Jing was inexplicably a
little
heartbroken in fact it was no wonder
that jaia wuan was biased towards luu it
was really luu's talent that was too
amazing when luu called out the word
Master Xiao
wuan who originally thought of teaching
him tomorrow could not resist the itch
and gave him a little Guidance the
result was
predictable for
luu who had just obtained the born with
a sword mind it was almost Child's Play
this is probably the equivalent of
having taken a High School exam and the
question turns out to be 3 plus 4 equals
so simple
a few introductory techniques luu just
took a look at them and they all Blended
together and mastered them jawanan
initially did not come to the shock that
step only think luu this Talent is
really good if it is replaced by his own
untalented son at least to learn for 10
days and a half months or even longer so
Xiao oneu one increased the difficulty
but to Lu you
it still wasn't a problem xia wuan was
somewhat unable to calm down and
continue to increase the difficulty as a
result L you still hand to hand not the
slightest frown like eating and drinking
water as easy and
comfortable at this point even Lu Chang
Shang revealed a look of surprise
although he knew that his own son was a
genius in the da of the sword he did not
expect that he would be so powerful to
this extent
cud he really inherit xiaw Yuan manle
and step out of his own way again
achieving a new 10 realm saint but
that's just too far away such a thought
was just a flash but C xia wuan continue
to teach luu from The Sword momentum to
the sword
intention and then the sword heart Lu
you almost did not feel the
bottleneck he is like a piece of diamond
a little little bit of carving will be
able to become a weapon
wonderful
wonderful Jawuan stroked his palm and
laughed
wonderful born with a clear sword heart
this kind of Sword Dow seedling is
unique in the world it seems that my
sword in martial arts mantle can finally
be passed on it was basically hopeless
for him to break through the tenth realm
in this life for him if he could pass on
the man
it could be more important than anything
else it would be nice to see a personal
disciple along his own path succeed in
proving a sword Saint even if you are
going to die soon you can close your
eyes in peace
unfortunately the path of sword and
martial arts the requirements for
disciples are extremely high he had
searched for a long time before but
found nothing and and the Heart of
accepting a disciple also fell silent
who would have guessed that stepping
through the iron shoes and finding the
right place would not be an easy task
xiaan couldn't help but lament Lu Chang
Chang Al Chang Chang obviously you've
broken through to Marshall Saint how did
you give birth to a son that's also so
powerful God is so
unfair under the guidance of xia when
youan one after another Lu you formally
embarked on the path of sword and Mar
maral Arts similar to martial
artists the first step was all about
tempering the physical body only that
the regular process of practicing the
skin and flesh in the first realm
forging the sinus and bones in the
second realm and refining the organs in
the Third Realm was omitted and when the
sword and martial arts had reached a
small level of success they would
directly reach the fourth realm only
it's not a
shortcut quite the opposite the entire
process of tempering the body in the way
of the sword and martial arts was even
more tedious than that of a martial
artist and the requirements for
cultivation were even higher so if one
did not have the talent one would not be
able to cultivate at all the good thing
is with talent and all the system has
helped to turn it on luu is not lacking
at all only cultivation is ultimately a
water grinding work even if luu is
talented it is impossible to cultivate
to the fourth realm in a short period of
time rice has to be eaten bite by bite
Kung Fu has to be practiced day by day
let's set a small goal first within a
year breakthrough to the fourth realm Lu
you thought this way and looked at the
system panel again Phase 2 mission bring
Cho manam back to the human race Quest
reward natural ability sword da
Tong this Mission how should it be
accomplished should we let jaia when
youan fake his defection first and then
persuade him to come back shouldn't be
luu didn't think it was that simple he
guessed maybe we need to find out the
truth about ja when youu inss defection
and then cut it off early so that he
breaks the idea only then will the
mission be considered complete I have to
say it's quite possible that said what
was the truth about xiaan yuan's
rebellion against the human race on the
system panel it's described this way
Jaan yuan's betrayal left Lu chaning in
disbelief and for a time he fell into
self-doubt he keeps tracking down the
truth and realizes that it's not that
simple and that doesn't seem to be his
intention but no matter what jaia wuan
has already betrayed and there's no
turning back not his intention so what
was it that led to this one incident the
system doesn't give a clue either not
even a timeline as to when this happened
regarding this matter luu didn't dare to
beat the bushes and could only
investigate slowly the coming days are
long that night while sleeping luu told
by yuyo about his worship Mom it's a
pity you didn't see it at that time xia
wuan saw my talent and sword da it was
so powerful he was directly shocked his
face was so
wonderful he he he I guess he never
dreamed that in this world there are
actually such powerful people it can't
be helped who made me so good he
hastened to beg my dad for me to inherit
his mantle saying that I will definitely
be able to break through to the 10th
realm in the future become a sword Saint
in the future once I become a sword
Saint my battle press will definitely be
even greater than dads but I think that
the title of Sword Saint is a bit too
common it feels a bit rotten it should
be replaced with a good one what do you
think about calling it sword God or
sword
Immortal what do you think Mom is it
better to be a sword God or a sword
fairy by ud's face twist as she listened
to her own son's incessant bragging
you'd better go to bed for me luu
suddenly remembered something right Mom
since I'm going to follow xia when you
want to practice the way of the sword in
martial arts there's no way I can study
liberal arts with
teacherly there's simply not enough time
how is it not enough wouldn't it be fine
for you to study liberal arts in the
morning in the way of the sword and
martial arts in the afternoon BYU Yao
glanced at luu I still have to go to the
cabinet to listen to politics luu shook
his head just don't go by yuyo said that
won't do luu said with a firm gaze the
reason why I cultivate is to clarify the
Jade change the heavens and lead the
human race to Greatness again when luu
said this the expression on his little
face was extraordinarily serious and
bayu ya only felt a little
amused then what can you learn in the
cabinet Bay yuyo asked there's so much
to learn luu briefly said something
about what had happened in the cabinet
although he promised to keep it a secret
luu didn't say anything specific just to
cite an example of two parties arguing
over interests each side has its own
arguments and both sides have their own
reasons and in the end the executive
officer can only make peace and let each
side take a step back this incident has
made me realize that looking at things
from a different standpoint gives you a
completely different result asses make
heads these words were very vulgar and
by Yu ya frowned slightly but after
chewing carefully she realized the true
meaning of these words whichever way
your ass sits that's how your head
thinks position determines thought Lu
you small age actually can understand
such reasoning so it seems this cabinet
to observe politics but also some role
by yuyo looked at luu with some
surprise who told you this I
comprehended it myself L you said your
words are a bit vulgar but there's some
truth to them it seems like you've
really learned something from watching
politics in the cabinet BYU ya thought
about it and said in that case the
matter of learning
literature you'll have to grow up a
little before you learn it tomorrow
morning I'll tell Mister lie what you
mean and you'll say goodbye to him I had
thought it would take at least 2 or 3
years of Enlightenment but I didn't
realize that it was just a month or so
before I had to dismiss people I'm a
little embarrassed Lou you sigh it can't
be helped who made me a genius BYU ya
glanced at the smelly brat as much as it
was tempting to retort Lu you was still
a genius don't be proud you can't become
a success if you feel proud because you
have talent by yuyo
admonished I know luu nodded he owes his
natural talent to his own hard work and
a little extra chapter 39 gift for the
master master in fact what luu had
learned in the cabinet was much more
than that he also learned how to buy
people's hearts and Minds how to shrug
it off and still make his men think it
was his fault and the essence of making
peace and then there's the idea of not
being bound by rules but limiting others
with them the most important point is
that luu understood the art of politics
is the art of
trade-offs rather than compromise
the two seem about the same but in
reality they are Worlds Apart balancing
the forces of all parties but he himself
is in a position of power holding the
absolute right to speak in order to live
and kill it is just that it is not good
to say these words otherwise by yuya
will think that he has learned a bad
lesson and will be finished if he is not
allowed to go to the cabinet after all
he's still a little kid thinking about
life and death manipulating people's
hearts and playing with the rules at
such a young age was just too far ahead
of its time thinking like this luu
gradually became a little
sleepy
suddenly he remembered something so he
braced himself for sleepiness and looked
up Mom you need to prepare some worship
gifts Master worship baudo froze for a
moment
yes although I have recognized Uncle
Xiao as my master but the gift of
worship has not been given to him this
cannot be said
luu why are you talking about this all
of a sudden with his friendship with
your father I'm sure he won't care about
this B yuyo said with a smile whether
Master is in or not is his thing whether
to send a gift of worship or not is my
problem sending is itely a must luu said
so couldn't help but yawn no longer able
to resist
sleepiness eyes closed and fell asleep
bayu yya was still planning to praise
luu but when she saw him suddenly fall
asleep she was
dumbfounded consideration is quite
thoughtful but it's really a little kid
falling asleep when he says he's asleep
not long after Lu Chang Shang returned
from his work he glanced at luu and
asked in a low voice fell asleep aha by
Yu ya nodded what did xia w Yuan say so
quick to accept a disciple our son is a
genius of the sword da he was the one
who begged me almost kneeling down for
me and I only reluctantly nodded my head
and agreed when I saw how pitiful he was
with no one to inherit the mantle at his
age
Lu Chang xang said with a smile by yuyo
seeing by yuya's speechless expression
Lu Chang Chang asked somewhat
strangely why do you have this
expression by Yu ya smiled and said you
too ah you're really worthy of being
father and son even the words you say
are the same hearing this Lu Chang xang
asked with some
curiosity what did this Kid Say by Yu
Yao then repeated it to Lu Chang xang
after Lu Chang xang heard this he was a
bit
speechless this kid can even blow more
than me it's not even a case of like
father like son anymore it's a case of
Blue is better than blue BYU Yao glanced
at luu who was sleeping and then looked
up at Lu Chang xang what the hell is
going on although there was some exag
ation in what he said
overall it's not too far off Lu Chang
xang said after some thought ha bayud ya
froze for a moment and said with some
disbelief he's bragging that he's the
next Saint and it's still a big
difference there is a certain hope Lu
Chang Shang slowly said at least from
the point of view of natural Talent it
is almost impeccable but to break
through the T realm only natural Talent
is not enough bayu ya opened her mouth
in some surprise when she heard this his
sword Dow Talent is so powerful just
attending to a sword Dow Stone tablet
shouldn't be enough right Lu chang chong
continued I don't know much about the
way of the sword but brother wuan said
that he was born with a clear sword
heart when brother wuan arrived at this
realm at the age of
24 he was already a demon to the extreme
and he is no longer good enough to use
the demon two words to describe it as
long as brother when Yuan guides him
carefully and allows luu to inherit the
mantle achieving the ninth realm in the
future shouldn't be too much of a
problem as for the 10th realm this has
nothing to do with natural Talent the
most group of our human beings is the
least lacking is the natural Talent
vertical and horizontal people but
unfortunately arriving at the 10th Realm
of the people there is only one
listening to Lu Ching's emotional tone
by Yu ya couldn't help but glance at him
in
surprise that one person you're talking
about isn't that you that's fine to say
from the sidelines but it's a little
weird if it's coming from me by yuyo of
course knew what Lu Chang Chang wanted
to hear so she spoke
it's still you who's great Lu Chang
Chang smiled and stroked by yuya's long
hair he's not that bad that's right he
also asked me to prepare a master
worship
ceremony Ayo thought about it and
hurriedly opened her mouth a gift of
worship I've already prepared it Lu
Chang xang nodded but he has a heart
turning to the next day luu said goodbye
to his teacher
liwang taii Lu you although some
reluctant but still cannot help now need
to put more energy into
cultivation liberal arts these knowledge
content can only be temporarily put
aside after Li Guang Tha heard this news
he did not make things difficult for
bayyo and smiled as he made his Farewell
with luu then Lu chaning took luu took
the master worship gift and went to xia
when yuan's house again Lu U's teacher
worship gift not how expensive only 10
dried meat of foreign
beasts this world there is also the gift
of tuition but Lu you looked at the 10
dried meat carefully but felt that it
wasn't that simple dad what kind of
exotic beasts meat is this this is the
meat of a ninth ranked foreign Beast Lu
Chang xang smiled faintly that
mountain-sized F Beast Emperor only
produced these 10 strips of not bad meat
ninth order Fay it was indeed worthy of
the handiwork of the Marshall Saint luu
couldn't help but swallow his saliva
don't steal food your body can't handle
it now Lu Chang Shing admonished
luu luu himself felt
despised really am I that kind of person
but how did Dad know what he was was
thinking does the Marshall Saints still
have this ability looking at Lu U's
expression Lu chonging couldn't help but
want to laugh as he shook his head and
spoke come over here I'll verify it for
you so that you can gain access to this
spaceship luu's eyes lit up when he
heard this and he excitedly hugged Lu
Ching's thigh dad is going to give me
this S-Class ship thank you Daddy you're
so nice you're the best
you're the best dad in the world Lu
Chong xen he glanced at luu who was
clinging to his thighs with a death grip
who said I was going to give you this
ship I'm just asking you to verify it
and gain access huh isn't letting me
gain access just to give it to me Lu you
said
rightfully of course not this is for the
purpose of sending you to your Master's
side to train afterward what a beautiful
fought how old are you and you want an
S-Class ship or this Polaris ship of
mine Lu Chang Chang said with a
speechless face in that case well luu
lowered his head perfectly interpreting
what it meant to hang his head in shame
seeing Lu you like this Lu Chang Shang
felt inexplicably a bit guilty he
thought for a moment and said didn't I
tell you before if you break through to
the sixth realm before you turn 18 I'll
give you this Airship with your current
natural talent and with ja and yuan's
Devotion to teaching you it's still a
handful really luu's eyes lit up and he
raised his head again all without a
trace of the sadness he had just felt
that's natural Lu changing couldn't help
but want to laugh when he saw that luu's
little face was changing faster than
turning a book chapter 40 sword pool
xiaan yuan's face was subtle as he
looked at the information in front of
him since he had decided to take luu as
his personal disciple it was very
necessary to know everything about this
disciple so then jaia wuan used his
connections a little bit and then he saw
these in front of him after just a brief
sweep jaia wuan couldn't remain calm the
content of the intelligence written on
it made him doubt the authenticity for a
moment
a child of only 3 years old by virtue of
his own identity Advantage Enlisted the
direct descendant of various martial
arts Kings and Emperors let them become
their own little brother and organized a
circle called great summer Heroes
nowadays this circle in the high level
circle of blue star can be said to be
famous especially in the circle of those
powerful children but also no one knows
and no one knows a lot of kids squeeze
through and don't get in the loop this
was because their requirements were high
either they had a prominent family
lineage with a marshall King Marshall
Emperor old man or they were gifted and
talented with a great talent in order to
be qualified to join in those other cats
and dogs don't even think about it it
was worth mentioning that even his son
Xiao Jing was pulled into the circle and
became luu Jr seeing this xia wuan face
twitched then continued to read on in
addition to organizing the circle of
Dasha Heroes luu also entered the Dasha
cabinet to listen to
politics cabinet listening to politics
when xia when Yuan saw these words he
thought he had misread them and his
expression was a bit taught he really
couldn't connect luu a three-year-old
child with the cabinet hearing
no this kid Li Chong xong is this how he
teaches children he's only 3 years old
and you're letting him go to the cabinet
there was also a New Year's message
published once let's see Xiao wuan
clicked on the video then he saw it the
New Year's message that luu had
delivered in the first place facing the
camera facing the audience of the 688
living planets of dashia luu did not
feel the slightest bit of restraint or
nervousness in this New Year's greeting
luu the only son of the Marshall Sage
perfectly displayed himself and gained a
superb reputation and popularity in the
entire
Granda this part of the
intelligence without having to
deliberately collect it could be said to
be known by everyone it was just that
the previous jaia when you won who
didn't ask about the world so he didn't
know about it when he finished reading
the
information jaia wuan couldn't help but
rub his brows that's really something to
look into briefly met last night thought
it was a well- behaved disciple didn't
think really didn't think
yes with lu Ching's crazy troublemaking
personality how could he give birth to
well- behaved children but by the time
Lu changing brought luu here the
expression on Jawan yuan's face had
already returned to its previous
indifference and not the slightest
difference could be seen after
delivering the gift of tuition and
Performing the ritual of paying homage
to his master luu officially became Jaan
yuan's disciple
Master what do I start cultivating today
is it to quench my body or to learn
sword techniques luu hurriedly opened
his mouth and asked none of that is
necessary follow me to the sword poool
in the backyard and take a bath with
Xiao Jing Xiao wuan shook his head sword
poool luu was a bit curious you'll know
when you go Xiao wuan said indifferently
oh followed behind Xiao
wuan in the backyard of this Mansion was
a natural hot spring from a distance one
could see a constantly steaming Mist as
we got closer we could see a stone
tablet with two words written on it
sword Pond when luu saw this he thought
with some
surprise the so-called sword poool does
it refer to the hot springs here he he
didn't say anything and continue to
follow behind xiaan Yuan entering a
pavilion there seems to be geothermal
heat here and the temperature has come
up
significantly it's springtime now but
it's still cold but over here because of
the geothermal heat you can't feel a bit
of cold under jaia when you 's
leadership luu took off his clothes put
on a bath towel and walked out of the
attic not far away jaia Jing was taking
a dip in a ruddy pool his expression
pained his forehead sweating
coldly after hearing the sound Xiao Jing
looked up this way and looked at luu
with some surprise big brother you're
here Xiao Jing endured the pain and
greeted good morning Lou you also
greeted if you can't endure it get out
Xiao wuan glanced at Xiao Jing when Xiao
Jing heard this he just wanted to give
up but after seeing luu he gritted his
teeth and said I'll hold on for a bit
longer xia wanyuan no longer cared about
him glanced at luu and said
indifferently you go and soak in the
lavender pool good luu raised his head
and asked with some curiosity
Master is this a special pool jaia wanan
nodded and patiently
explained this is a sword pool that I
personally
formulated and the water in it can
effectively stimulate the Flesh and
accelerate the speed of body hardening
you come over to my side every day take
a bath and when you can't stand it just
come out when you come out take a little
rest and then cultivate the way of the
sword and Marshall Arts you'll get twice
the result with half the effort once
you're in there hang in there as long as
you can and don't let a little pain hold
you back in the way of the sword in
martial arts the most important thing is
not only the Supreme natural talent but
also the will to go
forward generally speaking you need to
soap for at least 5 minutes to have an
effect and stick with it for up to 10
minutes to have a noticeable
effect 15 minutes
onwards the effect will get better and
better if you can soak for more than
half an hour your future cultivation
will be much much faster as L you listen
to ja when you won he couldn't help but
ask in other words the longer you soak
it the better it is you can't say that
everything has a degree this is no
exception you're still young now you've
only just started
cultivating even if you can hold on for
the whole time it's best not to exceed
an hour xiaan thought for a moment and
said but generally speaking trying to
soak for an hour right off the bat is
basically
impossible it has nothing to do with
natural Talent all right louu nodded and
turned his head to look at the lavender
pool water wondering in his heart just
how long he could last asked get over
there aha Leu took one step at a time
and soon arrived next to the lavender
pool he touched the water with his foot
the temperature is just right but the
moment he touched it his toes tingled
and a tingling sensation came over him
this pool it couldn't be a
leakage right luu muttered in his heart
no wonder Xiao Jing could barely standed
after only 10 minutes of soaking luu
gritted his teeth and jumped directly
into the pool when xia wuan saw this
scene the corners of his mouth couldn't
help but reveal a faint smile the normal
step is to let your body slowly adjust
to the pain before taking a step into
the pool jumping right in as soon as
you're up here being as adventurous as
that jaia Jing kid it's a wonder it
doesn't hurt you however it is good to
let this L you suffer a little bit so
that he understands that it is not easy
to
cultivate however the next
scene however made xia Wan a bit
dumbfounded chapter 41 opening up cool
the moment luu jumped down into the pool
endless stinging pain came like a tidal
wave as the pain spread throughout his
body luu realized his
rashness his idea was simple instead of
adapting slowly he should just take it
obviously he had still underestimated
the power of this sword pool but just at
the moment when that endless pain struck
within luu's body the Dragon Tiger
golden Dan which had not yet been
digested as if it had been
stimulated actually kept
rotating immediately afterward a dim
golden spread out from the Dragon Tiger
golden pill quickly spreading to luu's
entire body the pain that was like a
tidal wave could no longer be feared
under the Golden Light of the Dragon
Tiger golden Elixir almost the vast
majority of the pain all of it was
banished and what little irritation
remained was nothing at all the most
marvelous thing was that when the pain
receded the efficacy of the pool water
in transforming the body did not
diminish in the slightest
it was even better under the effect of
the Dragon Tiger Gold pill it's the
equivalent of icing down shells back up
cool Lu you hadn't really thought that
this Dragon Tiger golden Dan that he had
eaten had such an effect on second
thought it was right after all this
Dragon Tiger golden Dan was an eighth
order treasure in the pile of rewards
that luu had obtained they were mostly
seventh order treasures and the only
eighth order Treasures were the Dragon
Tiger Gold pill and the Tao Heavenly
Dipper Soul suppressor Stone as an
eighth rank treasure this Dragon Tiger
golden Dan was slightly more special and
reasonably reasonable luu could clearly
feel a soothing sensation gradually
coming from his body under the
stimulation of the water of the sword
pond at this moment if it had been under
unusual
circumstances this soothing sensation
would have been drowned in Endless pain
but luu's situation was obviously a bit
different in the
meantime Xiao
wuan who was not far away was ready to
make a move to fish luu up he just
wanted luu to suffer never wanting his
precious disciple to leave a
psychological Shadow or
anything however the expected image did
not happen not only did luu not let out
a painful scream
instead his eyebrows gradually stretched
out revealing a pleasant
expression hauh pleasure when xia wuan
saw this scene he couldn't help but be a
bit
dumbfounded clearly all but unable to
comprehend the situation at this moment
is this the legendary born
masochist no no no it shouldn't be is it
because of the special characteristics
of the different physiques xia wuan
frown in guest So In This Moment Xiao
Jing could no longer hold back and
hurriedly climb out of the pool quickly
drying the liquid on his body unable to
resist Breathing heavily he
subconsciously glanced at luu's side he
still remembers to this day his first
lousy appearance and wonders how his big
brother is doing then Xiao Jing saw that
luu was taking a bath with a face of
enjoyment this image made Xiao jing a
little skeptical he walked over to his
father's side and couldn't help but ask
Dad what's going on something wrong with
the pool or is it the pool is fine
jawanan shook his head and slowly I'm
not too sure it might be that his
physique is special Xiao Jing it's a
real people pleaser why is the gap
between people so wide after soaking for
a full hour luu stepped out of the pool
if he hadn't remembered his master's
advice he would have wanted to soak a
little longer the pool was really too
good however the next body hardening
cultivation was a bit more boring if it
was an ordinary child they would
definitely be unable to press on and
would find it difficult to cultivate for
a long period of time however luu knew
the importance of cultivation and how
rare this opportunity was if it wasn't
for the special nature of the sword in
Marshall way he would have to wait until
he was 3 weeks old before he could
formally cultivate it in addition luu
was also thinking about breaking through
to the sixth realm as soon as possible
and getting his dad's Polaris
spacecraft the universe was so big
luou you wanted to go out and see it
after a full 3 hours of
cultivation when he opened his eyes
again Lu you could clearly feel that his
skin
obviously had become tougher this step
seems to correspond to the first Realm
of the martial arts for normal first
realm martial artists because of the
constant tempering of the Flesh and skin
the color of the skin would change while
the surface of the skin would become
rough but the way of sword and martial
arts was obviously different not only
did luu's skin not become rough but it
was even more Supple giving people a
feeling of being warm and moist like
Jade Jade's skin Lu you stared at his
skin as this term suddenly came to his
mind at this time Xiao Jing walked over
and seeing that luu had finished his
cultivation he hurriedly spoke big
brother it's time to eat as the two of
them became acquainted Xiao Jing spoke
in a tone that wasn't as timid as it was
in the beginning good luu nodded and
followed Xiao Jing to dinner at the
dinner table luu almost ruled when he
saw the rich dishes but his arms were
too short and he needed to stand on a
chair to clip the food Master's side was
cold and quiet although this Mansion was
large there were very few people living
in it
not even a servant could be seen it
seemed that because of practicing Kung
Fu luu's appetite was extraordinarily
good seeing luu struggling to clip
vegetables jawanan still couldn't hold
back and gave him some dishes Xiao Jing
saw the scene some AG grieved Baba
thought dad did not even give me a dish
seeing that Xiao Jing was about to drop
his little Pearl Xiao wanan was
indifferent and even developed some
boredom Lu you saw this scene cannot
help but be a little
surprised although he knows this pair of
father and son's relationship is not
good but it is not as bad as Jiang right
not as good as his own
Outsider who he just met not two days
ago maybe there's a hidden agenda here
luu didn't ask more than a few questions
he just pinched a chicken leg and placed
it in Xiao Jing's
Xiao Jing looked at the chicken leg in
the bowl and couldn't help but stare
subconsciously glancing at luu for a
moment he was so moved that he couldn't
speak still big brother is good to him a
before that he was even jealous of his
big brother it's so uncalled for seeing
this scene jawanan suddenly opened his
mouth and asked L youu I heard that you
are interested in politics
luu froze when he heard this then nodded
is
interested why Xiao wuan was a bit
curious because I'm leading mankind to
Greatness then I must understand the
current diaa system and how it works luu
gave his answer in this world although
individual strength was important there
were some things that were ultimately
beyond the power of just one person
xiaan Yuan did not take luu's words as a
joke as he slowly said if you want to do
all of this then don't study in the
cabinet why luu asked
curiously that group of people in the
cabinet are standing too high what they
see is not the real situation jaia wuan
slowly spoke you need to go and see for
yourself confirming place by place in
order to know the truest situation
that group of people in the cabinet all
day long they're hooking up you won't be
able to learn anything Xiao Jing who was
feeling sad alone heard the conversation
between the two and cuden T help but
open his mouth what are they talking
about chapter 42 more mental than a
psychopath you have a point luu slowly
nodded when he heard this but he doesn't
easily change his opinion just because
of someone else's tripe since ancient
times people who can achieve great
things must have strong self-conquest
and the system is in order the line is
constant on top of that you have to be
good at hiring people and even better at
listening to the advice of others but
not all advice is good being able to
pick the most correct advice out of a
bunch is the real deal it's about having
absolute Vision Lu you thought for a
moment and spoke
but I think that my studies in the
cabinet are not useless whom xia wuan
glanced at luu with some surprise not
expecting him to oppose his words xia
wuan asked with some
surprise then tell me what's the use luu
spoke without thinking even if I
personally go and see place by place to
know the truest
situation the implementation of every
policy however
inevitably has to go through one person
after another there are many things that
are not game instructions that can be
accomplished smoothly as long as they
are conveyed there's no telling how many
links you have to go through in the
middle and it's easy for all sorts of
things to go wrong with all the
intertwined interests and the
intricacies of the various
components it's not as easy to know what
needs to be changed and change it right
away politics isn't that simple and what
the teacher just said while there is
some truth to it is overall too simple
Xiao
onean is he even
despised this is something that I never
dreamed would happen in all these years
it was the first time he had been called
Simple the bottom line is it's still
being despised by a
three-year-old for a moment jaia when
you and cold and ancient face was a bit
taught
meanwhile when Xiao Jing who was on the
side heard this his scalp tingled for a
moment luu opposes his father even if he
actually said that his father is too
simple although he couldn't understand
the conversation between the two and
didn't know who was right and who was
wrong luu said that his father was
simple which was very serious just as J
Jing was in shock jaia wuan suddenly
burst out laughing haaha jaia wuan burst
out laughing then said
nonchalantly kid how dare you call me
simple do you know that ever since I
achieved the sword Emperor realm I've
been the chief Marshall commanding all
the troops and Horses of great Sia under
my command the major Legions of dashia
all conquering all conquering
during that period of time my
achievements your old man can't catch up
with it even if you beat your horse if
he hadn't broken through the 10th realm
I'm afraid he'd still be working for me
as a deputy you're just learning a
little bit from the cabinet side and you
dare to say that I'm simple if you say
this out you are not afraid that you
will have to laugh off other people's
teeth when luu heard this he couldn't
help but widen his eyes and open his
mouth it was the first time he had ever
met someone who argued with him a child
in a serious manner the most crucial
thing was that the other party was still
a peak Marshall Emperor claiming to be
half a step away from breaking through
to Marshall Saint if this matter were to
be spread out no one would believe it at
all all right generally speaking arguing
with a three-year-old child like him was
humiliating if you won and even more
humiliating if you lost so few people
bothered with him but xia wuan obviously
didn't care so much and at this moment
he directly rolled up his sleeves and
was about to have a big fight with that
kind of mental state it's almost more
mental than mentally ill no wonder he's
still
recuperating dare I say that he's really
not well what's the matter you milky
brat dumbfounded by my words seeing that
luu didn't speak jaia wuan immediately
sneered you don't dare to speak at this
you don't have your father's guts at all
do you still want to clarify the Jade
and change the sky and the Earth dream
on a simple agitation luu was directly
hit luu had thought not to be General
with the patient no matter what he is
ultimately his own master who thought
that he had backed down the other party
did not stop directly stomped on the
nose somewhat annoyed luu said
nonchalantly so it's a stinking
subai I said how you are so simple of
course fighting a war must investigate
all the
situation and then according to the
local conditions military law under
strict orders
it is very simple to implement but where
else would it be so simple are you not
simple-minded or what how dare you use
your generation to oppress me as a small
child are you going to say next that
you've eaten more salt than I've eaten
rice it's so
unashamed shame on you stinking
the word was a bit
unfamiliar but xia wuan quickly reacted
that it was an abusive term
and hearing the next words he couldn't
help but sneer and say corruption at all
levels upward and downward and a
multitude of
maladies is this also considered an
excuse why can the Army carry out orders
without any problems for me because of a
little mistake I have to be
executed why doesn't it work anywhere
else it's because it's too indulgent too
lenient don't quar quel you guys don't
quarrel Xiao Jing saw such a
situation the whole person was stunned
he never dreamed that his father had
quarreled with his elder brother he
wanted to stop it but his voice was
directly drowned out and didn't even set
off a little wave luu couldn't help but
Snicker as he listened to jaia and
yuan's words you want to kill people to
establish Authority but how many people
can you kill if you can get things done
by killing people then you're really
simple How can there be anything that's
simple in this world in luu's previous
life there was once such an emperor in
history tried to use harsh criminal law
to deter all the officials as long as
the embezzlement is peeled and rolled up
the grass but killed to the end once no
one
available had to let the officials in
the prison office finished the work and
then
executed but even that still didn't make
the big picture any better killing to
establish
Authority it's you who are thinking too
simply as long as militarized management
is implemented Big Data all around
monitoring and artificial intelligence
supervises the whole process what can't
be done it's just that you don't want to
xia wuan said with a cold smile hearing
this
luu could not help but be
dumbfounded the times were progressing
and the means would naturally become
more
numerous but the problem was that the
hearts of the people would not change
still you think simple luu frowned and
said things definitely won't be as
simple as you think any tool is used by
people suppressing the original class
with cruelty will only give birth to a
new privileged class and it will become
even more more aggravated than the
original if the politics of Terror is
practiced and the roads are made visible
there will be only one result and that
is a fall into the abyss so it is with
the human heart and even more so with
human nature you should know better than
me listening to luu's words jaia wuan no
longer
retorted these truths these things he
understood from the very beginning
even clearer than luu just not willing
to admit it after a long time of Silence
he suddenly smiled pale and then slowly
said you are right this is human nature
this is the human
community so you want to rebel against
the human Community for some reason luu
gole said this chapter 43 recognized a
good big brother as soon as the words
came out of his mouth Lu you knew that
he had said the wrong thing
obviously this is a topic that cannot be
touched at least it shouldn't come out
of your own mouth in case he was the one
who had uttered the words that made xia
wuan remember that there was still this
path to take then the fun would be great
and it turned out to be surprising that
he had led to jaia whenu defection then
Lu you really couldn't wash himself away
even if jumped into the Yellow River
luckily at this moment xia wanyuan
didn't have such thoughts and after
hearing luu's words he looked at him in
Surprise why do you say that luu thought
for a moment and said
because I see that you seem to be very
disappointed in the human
Community although I'm disappointed in
the human race this is after all the
race that gave birth to me and raised me
it's not to this point xia wanan shook
his head and said slowly hearing this Lu
you nodded in silence so it seems that
this is not the reason why xia wuan
rebelled against the human race and what
exactly is the other reason before L you
was allowed to think too much after
finishing his meal jawanan called for
someone to drive luu back telling him to
come back
tomorrow dad
don't be angry Xiao Jing carefully
looked at xia wuan and hesitated for a
long time before opening his mouth angry
why am I angry Xiao wuan calmly glanced
at Xiao Jing and asked in a somewhat
strange manner ha Xiao Jing froze for a
moment but still said I see you guys
were just arguing
quarl when xia wanan said lightly you
mean the argument we just had did that
look like an
argument it doesn't look like a fight it
was simply a fight right if it wasn't
for the disparity and strength I'm
afraid that it would have been a fight
right Xiao Jing spat like this in his
heart but his mouth said like this it's
good that you don't take it to heart
father a three-year-old arguing with me
how could I possibly take it to heart
Xiao wuan said
unconcernedly however that luu is indeed
an interesting person he has his own
opinions he won't compromise even if he
argues with me such a person is worthy
of your following you've recognized a
good Big Brother ah Xiao Jing was
surprised to hear this it's getting late
go to the 10,000 swords Pavilion to
cultivate Lu you was so far behind you
in your
cultivation don't just let him surpass
you I can't afford to lose this person
Xiao wuan said yes Xiao Jing hurriedly
nodded aboard the spaceship luu took out
a bottle of juice and was about to take
a sip and find a sofa to rest on when Lu
Chang shing's voice came from the side
your guts are really big ah it's only
the first day you went to Master's house
you quarreled with master in a few more
days is it going to be up to the house
to uncover the tiles Lu you hurly turned
around and looked at his godforsaken old
man and couldn't help but complain why
do you keep appearing out of nowhere
scaring me how can you break the 10
realms if you're so timid how can you
pick up the great beam of the human race
Lu changing glanced at luu were you
there just now dad why don't you show up
is it because you're afraid I'll be in
danger or are you afraid that you won't
be able to quarrel with my master Lu you
asked
curiously you're the only one who can
argue you actually called him a stinking
chowderhead what guts Lu changing shook
his head and said if those generals
under his command heard that in the
beginning I'm afraid their guts would
have been scared out of their wits the
ones that Master bragged about about are
they all true Lu you asked with some
curiosity of course it's true not
everyone is like you and likes to brag
Lu Chang xang said
indifferently I didn't realize that
Master who was so refined and had the
appearance of a
swordsman actually had such a skill luu
said in
Surprise didn't you just despise him Lu
changing asked we were arguing at the
time
definitely had to verbally attack a bit
luu ham and haod and said
thoughtfully
besides Master he does seem a bit
extreme and I think I'm right quarreling
with master and you actually say you're
right it seems your ass is a little
itchy Lu chonging rolled up his sleeves
so Dad you think I'm wrong luu saw the
situation and asked in a hurry that's
right Lu Chang xang said
immediately then you still want to hit
me Lu U's eyes widened when he heard
this if you're right you can't hit you
and you're really right because you have
no respect in your eyes one size does
not fit all don't confuse me Lu chaning
wouldn't be wound up by
luu fine luu nodded helplessly Lu Chang
Chang pulled luu's pants away away and
raised his palm high but when it fell no
sound appeared Lu Chang Shang did not
hit not only did not hit but also made a
move to pinch luu's QQ bouncing little
butt a child's ass is so soft you could
pinch it luu opened his mouth in shock
Dad you're a pervert how to talk do you
really want to get beaten up Lu Chung
gave him a look oh L you
honestly pinch it pinch it who let him
be a child or a
three-year-old no human rights are no
human rights he wasn't like this before
Lu Chang Shing suddenly said is it
because of the evil Gods
contamination L you asked aha Lu Chong
Shing nodded then I won't fight with
master from now on luu said
oh why Lu chonging asked I'm afraid that
he won't be able to talk me out of it
and he'll just go straight for it when
he gets
impatient I can't beat him luu replied
when Li Chang xang heard this he
couldn't help but be a bit
speechless he thought that this kid
finally knew about honoring his teacher
and thinking about xiaan yuan's lack of
ease so he stepped back and didn't argue
with him who would have thought it was
just the fear of a beating no matter
what he does he one te gets serious with
a little kid like you Lu changing shook
his head really then next time if Master
gets anxious and wants to beat me up Dad
you have to help me fight back luu's
eyes lit up and he said with a smile Lu
Chong Shen this kid really knows how to
stomp his nose this mixed up nature
really can't do anything with him I
think you're the one who wants to get
beat up in the end Lu changqing still
couldn't hold back and gave him a slap
on the ass luu took a beating and
immediately understood one thing it
seems that in the future even if he gets
beaten up his old man will not help
himself get back sure enough in the end
you're on your own I am not yet strong
there are changes when you're strong by
the way didn't you say you wanted to
change the sky and clarify the Jade make
the human race great again Lu changing
suddenly spoke what's wrong luu asked
curiously then it won't do for you to
only learn those political tactics in
the cabinet you also need to learn how
to command the Army and fight a nice big
battle what do you think Lu Chang xang
said
slowly right Dad you have a point luu's
eyes widened as he nodded and said that
does need to be learned it's also
important then since you have a
readymade master why don't you seek him
out to learn these skills instead of
calling him a stinking
chupacabra L Chang Shang glanced at luu
what kind of reasoning is that luu
hurridly assured
then I will definitely not quarrel with
master in the future from now on he's my
best master Lu Chong xen chapter 44 a
little different than expected you want
to learn how to fight jauan looked at
luu with surprise and asked with some
surprise aha luu nodded
vigorously
yesterday I argued with master and after
I went home I thought about it for a
long time and I think that Master has a
very good point that power can only come
out of the barrel of a gun in everything
and that if there are only means of
political
trade-offs it's simply not enough to
convince the people and it's hard to
make things happen political tactics
even if you learn the best there will
eventually be a time when you are
struggling left and right unable to
weigh the situation
and at this point then you have to
master the ability to lift the table
even if those old foxes are more
skillful in their calculations and how
seamless their chess moves are I'll just
lift up the chess board and smash him to
death listening to luu's words jaia
wanan nodded and said faintly not bad
since you want to learn I'll teach you
many thanks Master luu said in a Hur
at this time Xiao Jing who was on the
side said weakly I also want to learn
you xia wuan glanced at him you're not
that
seedling okay Xiao Jing lowered his head
luu saw this scene and thought to
himself that the relationship between
this father and son was really
strange as if there was some kind of
disagreement the son feared the father
and the Father disliked the Son there
must be a reason for this situation only
when he asked Xiao Jing the reason he
stammered for half a day and couldn't
say anything if you ask the master
you'll get even less of an answer but
it's a long time coming so maybe we'll
find out later Lu you thought like this
and spoke let him learn on the
sidelines if I become a Grand Marshall
in the future I'll need a few deput
ities or something by my side he hasn't
even started learning yet and he's
thinking about being a Grand Marshall
later on such a serious and funny
statement that if there were any
bystanders present they would have
laughed out loud but xia wuan not only
didn't laugh but instead nodded his head
in a serious manner thinking it made
sense that's right then let him learn on
the side Xiao Jing didn't think there
was anything wrong with this either
and gratefully glanced at luu at this
moment the two of them had already
finished
cultivating and the effect of further
cultivation was minimal so they were
considered to have some free time jaia
wuan glanced at the two brats and
directly began to explain but the ones
that Xiao Wan spoke about were not what
luu had expected he had thought that
jaia wuan would explain the Art of War
talking about how to deploy Tru trps how
to command the Army and how to fight a
beautiful War yet jawanan said not a
word about any of this he talked about
military civilian
integration National Defense
mobilization military service and
logistical
preparations luu listened with white
eyes and Xiao Jing on the side was even
more
bewildered thinking that his father was
right he was not this material at all
and he could not learn it what I want to
learn is to fight in Wars not these
governmental jobs ah louu muttered the
words were not loud but xia wuan heard
them clearly he glanced at luu strangely
and asked in return that's what fighting
a war is fundamentally about is it the
Grand Marshall you want to be or a
general luu said I want to be the Grand
Marshall
that's not it could I still lie to you
xiaan Yuan shook his head and said
indifferently what fighting a war
competes with is never the subtlety of
tactical skills but rather the
preparations for the big picture with
all the
preparations one can fight a war until
the enemy is defeated luu let out a deep
breath he had to admit that he was the
one who had thought things through
simplistically xia wanan continued what
our human Community has to face is not a
city a place or an enemy of one or two
planets but one group of alien races
after another these alien groups with
their territory spanning long Stellar
domains and comp living planets ruled
under their command trying to defeat
them is not something that can be
decided in one or two Wars a war even if
it is one
beautifully even if all the other side
is wiped out it is just an insignificant
small victory for the whole
situation since you want to become a
Grand Marshall you must raise your
sights don't be blinded by momentary
successes and failures victories and
defeats on one
Battlefield you must have a total view
of the whole situation and command
everything speaking of which let me ask
you are you clear on the difference
between strategy and tactics facing
xiaan yuan's question
Xiao Jing tensed up at once but
fortunately he quickly reacted to the
fact that the question wasn't asked
about himself hearing this question luu
thought for a moment and opened his
mouth to ask strategy is the overall
framework of the macro aspect while
tactics are the methods and means which
are a bit more
microscopic not bad xia Wan Yuan nodded
tell me again is strategy more important
or tactics Lu you frowned and pondered
for a moment before
replying
strategy wrong jaia wuan glared at him
for a commander if you only know
strategy what's the difference between
that and talking on paper if you dare to
go to war if you only know the strategy
who would dare to feel confident in
handing over this great power to you
hearing this luu react acted you mean
that strategy and tactics are equally
important only after hearing this did
xia when youan nod strategy and tactics
are equally important but war is far
from that simple it's like what you
argued with me yesterday when you said
that many things are not game
instructions that can be accomplished
smoothly as long as they are
communicated there's no telling how many
steps you have to go through in between
and it's easy for all sorts of things to
go wrong that's true but if you think
that it's only true of politics you're
mistaken the same is true of the
military any instruction you give will
go wrong and if you want to command the
whole world then all of it must be taken
into account let me ask you again how
can a man who is a commander establish
his
authority make those under your command
listen carefully to your instructions
and not take your words as a whisper
another question luu pondered for a
moment before speaking in answering
murder hearing these two words aside
Xiao Jing suddenly felt a body chill
just now he subconsciously thought of
reward and Punishment clearly the first
Soldier
cannot naturally able to convince the
public naturally able to establish Lish
The
Prestige who would have thought that Lu
you would blurt out the word murder when
xia wuan heard the two words his eyes
flashed with a hint of admiration as he
nodded slightly and continued to ask why
do you want to kill is killing the only
way to establish Authority what if you
kill the wrong person what should be
done then luu said in a firm tone it's
not that killing is the only way to
establish Authority but if one is
belittled then killing is naturally the
easiest and most direct method and as
for killing the wrong person as long as
one kills it can't be wrong chapter 45
he can take his place ja when yuan's
face Finally Revealed some Smiles as he
chuckled not bad if a person who is a
commander doesn't even have this much
ruthlessness then it would be better to
seed the power and not cause the human
race to be annihilated
when Xiao Jing who was on the side heard
this he glanced at luu with some
admiration big brother was so much
younger than him yet he could be so
murderous and had the determination to
stick to his guns it really left him in
the dust but ja wuan paused and
continued it won't do to be merely
ruthless if you don't have real skills
and you just know how to play hard to
get sooner or or later you will let your
subordinates cut off your head and hang
it on a flight to to show the public
when the time comes don't think that
your identity and family history will be
able to save you this kind of critical
event about the survival of the human
race even if you are the son of a
marshall Saint it's
useless of course I can't say it's
completely
useless they might warn you once or
twice and they'll only do it if you're
bent on on it when luu heard this he
inexplicably felt that it was
extraordinarily real and couldn't help
but ask could this have happened xia
wanan nodded and said
indifferently that's right when the
Grand Marshall of diaa was a stupid
person who came from a big family
obviously didn't know anything but by
virtue of human relations he rose up
step by step and easily walked up to a
high position and became the Grand
Marshall who was the commander of
everything that stupid bastard Lu Chang
Chang and I persuaded him a few times
but it was of no use it couldn't stop
him from being bent on having his own
way we had no choice but to kill him and
then cut off his head and hang it high
on the flag so that everyone would
listen to our orders for the time being
and that's how we fought a great Victory
and had the present of the human race
luu opened his mouth I can't believe
that actually happened it still happens
to master and Dad
obviously this matter was secret news
Lou you hadn't even heard of it before
and I'm afraid there weren't many people
who knew the inside story after all
cutting off the head of the Marshall of
Dasha and forcibly replacing it is
simply appalling when jawanan said it in
three words it seemed simple and calm
but in reality the thrill behind it was
self-evident Xiao Jing who was on the
side was also
stunned obviously this is the first time
I've heard of this Jaan yuan's face
showed some
Nostalgia that was many years ago back
then that Marshall who was also a
marshall Emperor had quite a few tricks
up his sleeve and it wasn't easy to kill
if we delay for a little while longer
when his reinforcements come over the
ones who die might be us luu asked with
some
curiosity he's at the Marshal Emperor
realm how can he still be a fool with
the elevation of the realm it was not
only the physical body that was strong
along with the spiritual power it would
also be enhanced in all aspects as long
as a martial Emperor was willing to
learn he could learn a lot in a short
period of time therefore no strong
person can be stupid of course he's not
truly stupid xia wanan said
indifferently he's just simply bad luu
nodded this was
explained there must be a reason for
everything he could vaguely feel that
the thrill behind this matter he was
afraid that it was much more than that
but more hidden secrets I am afraid that
they will not be told to a small child
like
yourself who knows jaia wanan didn't
even have the intention to cover it up
and continued speaking of that idiot's
family it's actually still around now ha
luu froze for a moment and continued
still what's it called the U family of
the mountain and sea star region their
family is too big mastering many
Industries in dya too big to fail jaia
wuan didn't hide anything and answered
directly you Family Y Guan Chung luu's
eyes widened in dismay I know a Yu Guan
Chung he can't be the U family right you
guessed correctly he's the first son of
the U family's generation jaia wuan said
indifferently
now that you know this what do you think
I really didn't expect that there would
be such a connection louu said in
surprise in that case why is their
family so close to my family for such a
great family there are no Eternal
enemies only Eternal
interests your father is a marshall
saint of course they want to befriend
your father this is normal and nothing
hard to understand Xiao wuan said
indifferently luu frowned and after a
long while his brows loosened again this
is all in the past back then I proposed
to your father that since he had
offended the E family then he should
simply cleanse the U family since the
current state of the human race is like
this then he should simply come up with
a complete and utter cleansing just like
what you said to change the heavens and
change the earth jawanan said to himself
n ha he's too
merciful everything is not broken since
he's become a martiall saint and is
fully capable of doing so why not go and
do so pity pity your father didn't
listen to me you think I'm too radical
too paranoid about the human race far
from it as a result
you see now all over the parties what
the hell has become your father went
around asking for a statement and only
barely got back some benefits but only
some not enough to change the status quo
even to treat the symptoms are
problematic not to mention treating the
root cause if he had been more ruthless
in the beginning then the situation now
would definitely not be like this saying
this jawanan suddenly came closer as he
stared into luu's eyes what do you think
as if luu didn't notice Xiao when yuan's
compulsion he widened his eyes and
nodded his head Master's words make too
much sense I've long said that my
untalented Marshall Saint old man can't
be relied upon at all
indeed ah the facts have proven me right
it seems that this
Ria as well as the entire human
Community needs a savior like me how the
future
changes it still depends on me it's a
shame I'm so small they all take my
words as a joke damn it when I grow up
I'm sure I'll be able to clarify the
Jade Kingdom completely change the
heavens and the Earth and make the human
race great again master since you're so
capable get well and come be my grandm
Marshall later let's come together and
change this human Community do something
big and bold the more luu spoke the more
excited he became and I don't blame him
for being excited if he could pull in a
marshall Emperor or a peak Marshall
Emperor then who would dare to
underestimate him this was simply the
most powerful helper Xiao Jin
who was on the side listened to luu
bragging and his face was filled with
admiration while jaia wuan looked at
luu's expression he was full of
surprise his brows were locked and he
didn't know what he was thinking he
didn't interrupt Lou's bragging words
for a while
master what do you think come and help
me
master master jaia when youan slowly
raised his head as he stared at luu with
a complicated expression as if he wanted
to confirm in luu's eyes whether his
great ambition was just a mere cute joke
luu however was not the least bit afraid
his sparkling eyes filled with sincerity
as he looked earnestly at his master
Xiao
wuan when xia wuan saw such a look he
once again fell into silence for a while
chapter 46 hope for the future luu had
thought that his sincerity would surely
impress his master who would have
thought that after a long time jawanan
just let out a light laugh and then even
more so he couldn't stop laughing and
directly threw his head back and laughed
haaha
haahahaha the laughter was so
magnificent that the Gloom that used to
hang over his head seemed to have been
dispersed when luu and Xiao Jing heard
such laughter they couldn't help but
look at each other in
disbelief luu's eyes meant what's going
on here Xiao Jing's eyes meant I don't
know it's my first time encountering it
too Lou you returned another look is
your father having an attack should we
call a doctor over Xiao Jing shook his
head probably meaning I don't know it's
my first time encountering it as well
luu glared at him in
dissatisfaction probably meaning how
come you don't know anything you punk
Xiao Jing immediately gave a pitiful
look that probably meant I'm sorry
meanwhile jiaan Yuan laughed for a long
time before he looked down at luu and
said
disdainfully with a three-year-old child
like you you still want me to follow you
really know how to dream with this skill
of yours you can't write you can't fight
you don't know how to use the military
you don't know how to use people
and you want to fool a marshall Emperor
just by relying on your sharp tongue do
you think highly of yourself or do you
look down on the Marshall Emperor you
claim to change the sky and clarify the
Jade but do you really know the
difficulty of it there are some things
that if you want to do then you don't
want people to know about them unless
you want to sell yourself short if you
really want to do this in the future
then talk less and do more xia wuan
series of questioning made luu's eyes
widen and just as he was about to say
something he heard xia wuan continue if
you really think so then continue to
learn how to use the military with me as
if stimulated by
luu the difficulty of the next course
went up at once jaia wuan shifted
directly from basic theoretical
knowledge to the application of War he
laid out all of his large-scale battles
and the countless powerful enemies he
had encountered in the beginning in the
open as a way to use them as teaching
materials in those years back then the
entire human Community can be described
as Misty in the storm countless powerful
enemies surrounded by an evil God prying
eyes almost to the key to the survival
of life and death back then luu's old
man had not yet achieved the Marshall
Saint realm in other words words it was
jaia Wang Yuan who held up the sky of
the
Granda and even the entire human race
under his
leadership the human race broke through
countless difficulties and obstacles one
one war after another and created one
Miracle after another until the next
critical moment Lu Chang shing's
Crossroads xiaan yuan is also injured
gradually retired behind the scenes the
might of the year with the passage of
time gradually insufficient for
Outsiders luu of course knew that xia
wuan was very powerful but when he saw
the other party using the war he
commanded as a teaching material and
listened to the Head scratching data he
was a bit numb for a while and couldn't
help but say I'm only 3 years old isn't
it too early for me to learn all this
too early jaia wanyuan glanced at luu
and said painfully isn't this the
simplest thing if you don't learn from
this do you still want to learn a
lifetime of strategy and tactics and
then become an embroidered pillow that
commands empty talk about strategy do
you also want someone to cut off your
head and hang it high you're afraid of
this bit of difficulty is that all you
aspire to just a simple agitation luu
was instantly trapped he gritted his
teeth I'll learn vaguely Lou you could
feel that previously when teaching civil
military
integration National Defense
mobilization military service work and
logistical
preparations ja wuan was only teaching a
qualified Marshall what he should be
doing but at the moment teaching these
examples of War xiaan Yuan was teaching
luu to become an excellent
if not top Grand Marshall Xiao Jing who
was on the side was after all just an
ordinary child and even though he tried
hard to keep up with the progress of the
lessons he couldn't even smell the
exhaust let alone catch up all he could
do was listen in a plausible manner his
older brother L youu however not only
understands but also asks rhetorical
questions from time to time this left
Xiao Jing Out Of Reach and his heart was
even more
admiring this teaching turn to the
middle of the night L you really cannot
support upper eyelids and lower eyelids
crazy fight how can not stop eyes closed
and Xiao Jing leaning against each other
to fall asleep seeing this scene jaia
wuan s expression was a little little
complicated he sighed softly and
muttered is the future hopeful Marshall
Saints residence by yuyo said with some
concern why hasn't little luu returned
yet he slept at xia's house tonight Lu
Chang xang said
carelessly like this bayu Yao couldn't
help but Furrow her brows when she heard
this this cultivation is also too hard
he's only a little bit older
cultivating at such a high intensity
isn't good for his body can jaia wuan
still not understand this Lu changing
smiled and said the daily basic
cultivation is just that then what by Yu
Yao asked with some doubt luu is
learning the way to use the Army Lu
Chang xang explained using soldiers Bayo
froze for a
moment right L Chang
nodded right for what BYU ya glared at
him and said with a speechless face he's
only this old going to the cabinet to
listen to politics and see the world is
fine but you're actually letting him
follow xiaan youan to learn how to use
the military is this something a
three-year-old should learn it's not
like you don't know how intelligent he
is Lu Chang Ching smiled and said he has
his own big
Ambitions so these things
he has to learn them sooner or later if
you want to learn how to use the
military and learn how to fight then I'm
afraid there's no better teacher than
brother when you w in the entire human
Community when by Yu ya heard this she
couldn't te help but s and said
helplessly I am afraid that the burden
he carries is too heavy and he is too
tired of living he didn't te have to be
like this even if he is your son
it's not that the son of a marshall
saint has to become the next Marshall
saint but he has his own ideas L
changing smiled and said if he wants to
do so then let him do so isn't that good
by yuyo was silent for a long time
before nodding we can only let him be
the next day
cabinet the cabinet ministers who came
here glanced at luu with some surprise
Lu you wasn't afraid of being a stranger
and waved his small hand as if he had
seen an old friend and greeted these
cabinet
ministers the people have
responded the first two days luu did not
come over we thought that luu will not
come again after all it is a child's
mind think this side of the fun come
over a trip think it is not fun no
longer come who knew that Lu you had
reappeared in the cabinet chapter 47 I
have something to say it was only a few
days that he hadn't seen luu's
temperament was obviously different and
the whole person was like a sharp sword
it's still true the seraphim are not as
good as they used to be this seems to be
starting to practice those who had
eyesight also saw that this practiced
the way of the sword in martial arts
nowadays The Sword in martial arts way
of dya
the most powerful to count that retired
and recuperated martial arts Emperor
Xiao wuan xia W yuan's relationship with
the Marshall Saint wasn't bad it seemed
like it should be for xiaan to teach Leu
the way of sword and martial arts
only that one's character too
aggressive acting style even more
Reckless it was said that back then
Marshall St L Ching's boldness
revolutionizing the rule of officials
sweeping away the ills and acting in a
style that was already bold resulted in
xia wuan complaining that he was too
timid and too conservative in his
actions and he even had a big fight
because of it I really dare not imagine
if the one who achieved Marshall Saint
back then was not Lu Chang xang but jaia
wuan what kind of situation would it be
now letting such a person teach teach
luu don't teach him bad right quite a
few people thought so and glanced at luu
with some
concern however this matter was not
something they could meddle with and
there was no point in thinking about it
anymore soon the cabinet crowd began to
deliberate because of luu's appearance
the smell of gunpowder from the previous
two days had faded a lot for one thing
luu was too young only 3 years old and
it was too humiliating for a group of
adults like them to tear their faces
often argue hysterically in front of a
child the second was that luu was the
child of the Marshall sage and if he
showed a willingness to enter politics
in the future his status might be even
higher than jonza of the Marshall Sage
sect and he would have to pay a little
attention to His Image in front of him
Grand Executive Officer Lu xianghong
clearly felt this and subconsciously let
out a sigh of relief he glanced at luu
and was tempted to say can you please
come to the cabinet every day to listen
to politics it's just not really a good
thing to say so I thought about it and
kept my mouth shut the name of the great
executive officer sounded loud and clear
and with the support of the Marshall
sacred sect it was even more
unbeatable but the hard work involved
was something only he knew he was
nothing more than a Target launched by
the Marshall sacred sect and it was
simply impossible to really gain full
support this position do a good job no
credit do a little poorly immediately
surrounded by the group making him a
moment not dare to relax not a moment
later the cabinet deliberations began
the battle for Hing is once again on the
cards Lu you listened to the crowd
talking and couldn't help but think it
seems that the situation over there is
indeed bad otherwise it wouldn't have
been brought up for repeated discussion
he listened quietly surprised to find
that in just a few days the situation
over there had taken a sharp turn for
the worse and was almost facing the loss
of its defense luu glanced at luu xang
Hong again the great executive officer's
brows were furrowed as he heard about
this matter and he seemed to be in deep
thought what's there to think about just
do what you have to do luu then turned
his head to look at the other cabinet
members they were still arguing but when
they listened carefully it wasn't hard
to hear the meaning inside their words
which was nothing more than shirking
responsibility and pitting others down
in the process while those who tried to
propose a solution couldn't even
intervene for a while if it was the
previous luu he would not have felt
anything when he heard such a quarrel
but at this moment when he heard these
quarrels a thought inexplicably arose in
his heart how could he govern dashia
well with such bug Bears luu frowned and
didn't open his mouth as he continued to
listen to the
proceedings after a long time the person
who had been trying to offer a solution
to the situation was finally able to
speak but the advice he gave was nothing
more than vague full support for the
deployment of troops stationed in nearby
starfields this was going to involve the
defenses of the other Star Realms if the
armies of the other Star Realms backed
up the past it would be tantamount to
tearing down the East wall to make up
for the West wall and in case something
went wrong with the other defenses as
well it would be the end of the line
speaking of that someone proposed to ask
Marshall St L changing to go over to
suppress it this was the great killing
weapon of diaa and even the entire human
race as long as the Marshall saint was
willing to make a trip then the problem
of the hellstar was nothing more than a
small problem however this argument was
quickly
refuted inviting Marshall Saints to
fight in this District's one Battlefield
would easily make the foreign races feel
that the human race was empty thus
launching a large-scale war luu sat on a
kid's dining chair and listened to the
discussion of the crowd in a serious
Manner and he also asked Lu shangom to
ask for the battle report of the
hellstar
so he could study it properly Lu Shang
Hong froze when he heard luu's request
but he didn't refuse so he sent him all
the battle reports luu slid the
electronic screen and carefully looked
at the Battle report recalling his
master's teachings and soon realized a
problem why has the pension subsidy for
war deaths which has been applied for
several times been delayed luu asked
strangely
when Lu Shang Hong heard this he
explained usually it's sent out after
the war but the battle in hellstar is
too intense and since this issue has
been discussed before I had previously
already approved half of the quota for
them to send it out ahead of time and
has the pension been sent out luu
continued to ask no still going through
the process luu Shang Hong said
what's it come to still going through
the process is it going to take 10 days
and half a month louu couldn't help but
spit out when he heard this reply
according to the normal process it will
take about a month Lu Shang Hong's face
was a little
unsightly he could probably guess one of
the reasons for the loss of the hellstar
battlefield this time a month it's only
half of the approved amount what process
takes so long long luu asked with some
annoyance although he also knows that
diaa is currently riddled with ills
corrupt system long process but
everything has a priority the war is so
serious certainly to be
expedited how to put aide here to slowly
go through the process this is going to
involve many
departments luu Shang Hong shook his
head and said
helplessly saying it like this you
probably won't understand because it's
not a small amount of money at least
more than3 trillion star dollars the
process that should be followed must be
followed this is the rule over three
trillion luu couldn't help but widen his
eyes when he heard this figure but it
wasn't this horrific figure that
surprised him it was the number of
deaths behind it how many people died in
the Battle over at the hellstar
battlefield to require more than $3
trillion in death
benefits what's more it's half the
amount that's 6 or 7 trillion if it's
all in that is to say the hellstar
battlefield at least the war dead nearly
10 million people
striking thoughtful Lou you frowned the
war is so tragic but the cabinet to
approve a pension have to go so long
process so redundant government
no wonder the master that
dissatisfaction when luu thought of this
he no longer hesitated and immediately
spoke I have something to say chapter 48
it was like meeting him for the first
time cabinet people are still arguing it
suddenly a clear and childish voice rang
out originally very Lively cabinet
gradually quieted down the crowd
staggered to look at luu even Lu xang
Hong froze for a moment
staring blankly at luu that said this is
the first time luu has spoken at the
cabinet the few times I've been over
before I've been honestly listening to
politics and being a mascot because he
was also clear that he was too young
even if he had a marshall Saint father
and the support of the Marshall Saint
faction and looked very imposing but if
he really wanted to talk no one would
take you seriously
moreover compared to these old foxes who
mingled in the cabinet luu was as simple
as a blank sheet of paper even if he had
a cleverness that far exceeded his age
it was simply not enough to look at it
is also understand this point Lou you
never say anything just simply look at
the hustle and bustle long insights
learn these people's blacken means after
all it would be a shame to blabber on in
the cabinet if you don't know anything
although they wouldn't be able to talk
to a child Lu you didn't want to lose
face
moreover once the Casual talk is
belittled there's no telling when one
will be able to gain the recognition of
these cabinet members and complete that
main quest but on this day luu couldn't
bear it he felt it was time for him to
come forward and say a few words feeling
the gazes of the crowd Lu was not the
least bit afraid as he looked around the
crowd and couldn't help but ask why do
you guys have to go through such a long
process even though you clearly know
about the grueling conditions of the
battle in hellstar and their death
pensions the situation has collapsed
like this and that one death benefit
which is still going through the process
has not been issued until now I think
that instead of arguing here you guys
should get your money and send out your
supplies earlier in order to ease the
war on hellstar
so many people have died in the war on
the front line but in your eyes you only
care about the fact that it's not a
small amount of money you
 have you all fallen into the
eyes of money Lu you was angry there was
some anger in all the questioning voices
at the moment couldn't even resist
reprimanding out the people present
after hearing these words all looked at
each other while Lou was previously
speaking there were others whispering
and discussing their matters when luu
finished speaking the cabinet was
awfully quiet for a moment these words
even came from the mouth of a
three-year-old or was it at the behest
of the Marshall sacred sect or was it
the intention of the Grand
Executive after being quiet for a while
Joe yanjun of that Integrity faction
spoke up things are not as simple as
that
because of the grand Seas Army there
have been countless instances of
misrepresentation and
concealment misrepresentation of the
number of soldiers in
service misrepresentation of the number
of deaths and embezzlement of the
soldiers benefits for a variety of
reasons it is necessary to be careful
when handing out money after all those
soldiers died in battle for their
country and we have to verify the
accuracy of the situation and also make
sure that the money all of it is paid
out to the soldiers families so it's
normal for the link to be slightly more
cumbersome and drag on a little longer I
don't see any problem with that I have
to say this x Yen Jun words indeed some
reason is the Fault is all in the
cabinet those military is what good
Goods the sky is as black as a crow
those military Chiefs string soldiers
blood embezzlement of soldiers interests
the phenomenon of private use of public
weapons simply do not too much often
behind an outrageous
regulation there is definitely something
outrageous going on but this also leads
to the fact that the cabinet does not
trust the Army and the Army trusts the
cabinet even less so everyone rots
together and it's all rotten but but luu
had his own opinions and would not be
refuted by a few words and think that
the other party was right he looked at
Jo Yan June not budging in the slightest
the matter is urgent the intensity of
the hellstar battlefield can be ranked
in the entire
Grand don't you know the reasoning
behind making special arrangements for
special matters don't you know the
reasoning behind stepping up your
efforts and getting it done as soon as
possible when these words came out Jo
Yan Jun who had just been vibrant was
instantly
speechless because what luu said really
made sense after a long time someone
else spoke up things have already come
to this point there's no point in
talking about this anymore the most
important thing nowadays is to discuss
how to bring the crisis in the hellstar
battlefield to an end luu frowned and
looked at the man asking what's your
name the man froze and spoke Roy Chung
you on how did you get mixed up in the
cabinet if you're so stupid Lu you
nonchalantly asked back Roy Chun Yu and
Hoy being disliked and scolded in the
face like this an individual would be
angry but the problem is that the other
party is a three-year-old child or the
only son of the Marshall Saint if you
quarrel with him it would be humiliating
to win the quarrel and even more
humiliating to lose the quarrel that's
why Roy Chun Yuan was directly choked
out of speech luckily Leu did not
continue to scold him because he knew
that this cabinet was a place of
reasoning and scolding would not solve
the problem I see that you still look
unconvinced L you
continued I've already given a solution
and you're still saying such things what
is this not being stupid send all the
money and supplies as soon as possible
and in full not just half this is the
way to ease the hell Star Wars
situation hearing this someone couldn't
help but open his mouth the person who
spoke was wuan from the main War faction
although he was reluctant to open his
mouth he still said things aren't as
simple as that the war situation on
hellstar has collapsed to this point it
can't be solved by sending out money and
supplies support has to be provided and
the problem right now is that it's it's
going to be hard for the nearby
starfields to transfer people over for
support why is it difficult to transfer
people for support luu opened his mouth
and asked because the troops that can be
mobilized have basically already been
moved over woara
replied that's right luu nodded then
that's a good problem to solve
luu had a posture that this question was
not difficult for me the crowd opened
their mouths in shock they all wanted to
laugh but this scene was not suitable
for laughter it was no wonder that the
crowd belittled him with the battle in
hellstar so tragic and difficult to
support this problem was indeed a
headache if it is really a good solution
why do we need them the cabinet
ministers to our you for half a day in
such a
situation but he heard luu continue just
repair a letter to that foreign race to
negotiate a truce agreement so that
everyone can take a break and ask them
what conditions they want in order to
stop this war make peace the solution
given by Lou you was
surprisingly to make peace hearing this
the cabinet all of them were dumbfounded
is that okay at that time someone spoke
up and said I'm afraid the other side
won't agree the foreigners are
ferocious they have suffered heavy
deaths and injuries they are already
reded with murder how can they possibly
make peace with us Leu glanced at the
man and said with a certainty in his
tone the foreigners are also living
beings they will also be afraid and will
also be imagining things
we died so many people on the hellstar
battlefield those foreigners will
likewise not be less with neither side
pleasing the other we almost collapsed
as did the other side now it's just the
end of the line if we issue a peace talk
and stall for Time by doing so they will
surely disorganize themselves and then
ask for everything that gives us
breathing room when the pensions and
supplies are sent over and our men have
been
reorganized then we will have the
courage of our
convictions and it will be up to us to
make peace or fight it would be nice to
find spare troops to send there while
this is open the words came out once
again the cabinet was silent the crowd
looked at luu in shock it's like knowing
him for the first time there are a few
cabinet members but they even look
different and they can't help but open
their mouths but they don't say anything
they can't help but sigh in their hearts
it's better to be a kid say whatever you
want and just solve the problem without
worrying about the attacks of their
political
opponents chapter 49 main quest
completion Jolie Shin Chang sword
cabinet of these people here can step by
step to this position which is not smart
top
generation which is not a person of
great talent by yuyo had once said that
there was absolutely not a single stupid
person among these people CH man Yuan
said the same thing how can he be really
stupid just plain bad therefore what L
you could think of these people had
actually thought of long ago and there's
more than one way to do it it's just not
good to say it outright for example
lon's words if they speak out
they will surely be attacked by their
political opponents and in the end they
will not be able to solve the problem as
for other Solutions it is even more
important to involve the interests of
many parties it's going to take a lot of
negotiation and back and forth
bargaining to finally come up with a
solution after all no one can at the
beginning reveal the bottom card such a
person does not deserved to be a chess
player in the cabinet and can only be a
pawn outside if you were that naive and
just thought about doing your job you'd
be screwed all over in just a few days
but at this moment because luu stood out
and disrupted the original plan of this
group of old foxes they all looked at
each other unable to hide the surprise
in their eyes as if they were
recognizing luu for the first time these
words though a bit childish do suggest a
solution and the feasibility is still
there it's surprising that a
three-year-old has such
insights but not many people will use
this approach not to underestimate luu
but they have long had a better way
after a long Moment of Silence jonza of
the Marshall sacred sex stood out he
looked at luu and spoke this is not
acceptable a small hellstar battle field
we have to compromise and make peace
with the other side if the news spreads
won't it make the other for and races
feel that we are weak I'm afraid the
consequences of this will be even more
serious when luu heard this he couldn't
help but Furrow his brows needless to
say this is a problem the ploy of making
peace was not something that Lu you
thought of but there were actual cases
in which it was done in the many cases
that xia wuan talked about last night
there were quite a few tactics of
buffering with making peace which
ultimately achieved their strategic
goals so luu thought of this Ploy after
seeing the hellstar battle report not in
a rigid way but based on the tragedy of
this place's
Battlefield it could be used
completely however what he didn't think
about was that this was a different time
and place and it was no longer the same
time when the human race was in a stormy
state but rather he had to maintain His
Image as the heem of the universe this
hellstar
battlefield it's not even proper to
think of inviting a marshall Saint to go
there let alone make peace this is
naturally even less likely to be done
but so this doesn't work and that
doesn't work what should we do L you
think so one again looked around the
presence of cabinet members see them one
by one into the chest as if early
planning which gradually understand a
little this group of old foxes in fact
have long made up their minds just
because of the interests of the
relationship between each other who do
not come up with a solution to make the
situation as if it is very bad and
serious look in fact in their minds it's
nothing at all fruity
when Liu sat down the group immediately
began
negotiations drawing from the East and
the west and in no time at all they
organized a strong reinforcement Army
which was immediately sent to the
hellstar for support this process would
have been slow but because of luu's
messing up the crowd tacitly agreed to
speed up this process seeing this scene
luu thought somewhat helplessly
that's not what was expected at all he
had wanted to give the solution in this
moment of public attention in this way
Not only would the war situation in Hing
be resolved but it would also gain the
approval of these cabinet
ministers only now it seems that he was
a bit
naive this cabinet thing layer after
layer like a
lasagna who do not know what the other
side's last card is
one by one are sophisticated
politicians no one simple but luu
thought on second thought if he hadn't
stood up and scolded a few times this
group of people wouldn't know how long
they would have to bargain over at the
hell star
Battlefield there was no telling how
many more people would have to die he
stepped up to the plate and while it
didn't work out it at least accelerated
the problem and also made the pensions
go out a little faster
so it's not
pointless one could even say it means a
lot only after such an outburst luu
could not speak even more easily and the
next time he must think deeply and
consider properly before he could open
his mouth to speak not only for the
mission but to not fall into the Trap
and be taken advantage of just as luu
was thinking this a system prompt
suddenly appeared before his eyes
ha mission
accomplished you have been recognized by
the heads of the major factions of the
cabinet Quest Advent item jie Shin Chang
sword has been issued jie Shin Chang
sword rank 7th quality perfect type
weapon effect the sword's body is
inscribed with countless
cunes greatly enhancing the sharpness of
the blade greatly increasing the speed
of the sword
and also enhancing to a certain extent
the power that the host already
possesses description this sword came
from the hands of a master sword maker
in the ancient times whose name can no
longer be traced except for the position
of the hilt the front side is engraved
with a Gio and the reverse side is
engraved with a Lee and it is not known
whether it is the name of the sword or
the name of the sword maker luu looked
at the words in front of him and
couldn't help but freeze for a moment
to be honest he hadn't really expected
that this Mainline Quest suddenly was
even completed luu carefully thought
about it and also understood the reason
for it he was only 3 years old to be
able to say the words that Fong just
said and propose a solution to the
problem was already very rare if he had
spoken these words 40 years later it
would have been better if he had not
been secretly despised not to mention
being recognized by these people I have
to say that's the advantage that comes
with age because the system came 40
years early resulting in the difficulty
of the vast majority of tasks have
become quite easy just as luu was
thinking this the cabinet meeting ended
Chona hugged luu and left the cabinet he
looked at the boy with interest just now
he rebuked the cabinet members at the
cabinet meeting
facing a group of sophisticated
foxes not the slightest
concession that posture when it is
really not
ordinary there was even a solution given
although it wasn't perfect simply
because he didn't know exactly what was
going on but it has to be said that the
solution he gave Under The Limited
conditions is already the optimal
solution the probability of success is
definitely high if you really want to
implement it the bottom line is this is
only 3 years old it was amazing it's
true that he is worthy of being the son
of a martial arts Saint in fact not only
he has this idea almost all cabinet
members cannot help but heartily lament
a later
generation speaking in the cabinet for
the first time what do you think shunza
looked at his little face and asked with
a smile
chapter 50 a group of bug Bears hearing
zon's words luu couldn't help but let
out a sigh what are you sighing for
schug gunza asked luu slowly said
cabinet of
ministers all are smart people I just
those words but in the show some small
smarts I'm afraid it is a laughing stock
hearing this Jo Gonza was a bit
surprised not expecting luu to be able
to think so deeply he shook his head and
said that's not the case you don't know
much to be able to give that Insight is
already rare and no one finds you
ridiculous even on the
contrary I'm afraid many people would
envy you why do you envy me Lou you
asked with some
curiosity because you're the only one
who can directly say say what you want
to say without having to worry about
this worry about that just think about
the solution shonza explained they are
usually tired of hooking up with each
other a that's so L you nodded
thoughtfully I also probably know why
there are so many intelligent and
top-notch people in the cabinet but even
a little bit of small problems have to
be discussed for half a day before they
can be solved originally
they are stuck on internal conflicts
zunza nodded and said
helplessly it can't be helped they are
all standing in their own positions
speaking for their own interests if they
can be twisted into a rope a lot of
problems won't be considered a problem
but alas it's simply not possible
hearing this luu looked up to the sky
and silently thought not yet after I
grow up I will change all of this with
my own hands really and such a bunch of
bug Bears how can we govern the country
I really don't blame Master for being
radical It's really because this group
of people who are obviously extremely
intelligent don't put their minds on
governance at all and each one of them
is fighting for power do you think these
people don't know what will happen to
them if they do this the cabinet is like
this and the degree of redundancy in the
administrative organizations of various
places is really
unimaginable it is impossible for them
to be unaware of these
phenomena but even knowing this they
still won't change the reasons for this
are many and complex and cannot be
explained by simple stupidity and
Badness after returning home Leu glanced
at the ji Shen Ching sword in the system
space and hurly took it out
nice luu couldn't help but sigh in
admiration as he felt the sharpness of
the sword Blade the body of the sword
was engraved with complicated runic
patterns and at the moment it was slowly
blooming with a shimmering light as a
seventh ranked sword this sword had even
produced a certain amount of spiritual
intelligence able to Simply accept some
commands but with the kind of Sword
spirit that can directly talk and
communicate
obviously there is still a certain Gap
casually dancing a sword flower Lou you
put it into the system space this sword
can't be used for a while but this
system space can be very
convenient any reward can be taken out
and stored at any time even if you put
it in a real battle it still serves a
purpose the enemy looks at luu's hands
obviously nothing but the the moment of
Engagement but can immediately take out
the sword sneak attack catch the
opposite side off guard of course such a
tactic could only be used in the early
Realms the effect wasn't as good in the
middle stages and in the later stages it
was even less of a big deal next after
having a lunch at home luu went to his
master's house to practice he wasn't
going to say anything about the
morning's cabinet participation after
all it wasn't exactly a success story
and it wasn't worth bragging about at
all as a result only once they met jaia
wuan glanced at him and couldn't help
but flirt with him you were waving and
pointing at the cabinet reprimanding
those cabinet members to their faces it
was really good and powerful L youu it
was reasonable to think that Master with
such an indifferent
personality how could he still learn to
be Eerie luu was not surprised that xia
wuan knew about this after all many
years ago xia wanan was the Grand
Marshall who commanded all the armies of
the
Granda and even though he had retired
now and his power and whatnot was not as
great as it used to be to say that he
didn't have a little bit of intelligence
channels that was naturally impossible
luu said with some
depression
Master why are you still being
sarcastic a person who is a commander
needs to consider all the circumstances
before making his decision what about
you have you really considered it jaia
wuan stared at him and asked lightly luu
lowered his head and
responded no jaia wanan said
seriously it is not for the teacher to
impose harshness just want you can
understand you say this in the cabinet
today there will be people to stop you
and will not yet cause any serious
consequences
tomorrow when you are in command of an
army any hasty decision may cause
serious
consequences since you know you didn't
think it through well I won't say
anything more I just hope that something
like this won't happen a second time Lou
you hurridly
nodded yes
obviously different people have
different opinions on this matter in the
view of the cabinet
ministers they felt that luu's insights
at a young age were really powerful and
one by one they recognized him but in
Xiao when yuan's opinion this was not a
qualified performance at all even if the
ploy did have
feasibility and was not something he had
copied out of his head but the reasoning
of this moment and the other moment had
not been thought out clearly and in this
way it was still
unqualified
meanwhile Xiao Jing who was on the side
couldn't help but stare with white eyes
looking at ja and Yuan for a while and
luu for a while his eyes filled with
curiosity he wondered what was going on
why obviously his own father was
reprimanding Big Brother luu
but the look on his face wasn't like
that at all the look clearly said
although you've done a good job I want
you to do better and at this level it's
nowhere near enough in this way it seems
that dad's demand for big brother luu
was unknown how much higher than his own
wow the afternoon's cultivation was
still boring
fortunately luu could clearly feel that
he was slowly getting stronger in this
way
the originally boring training also
seemed to become interesting to use the
game as an analogy although cultivating
the liver is hard work there is an
inexplicable sense of accomplishment
when you see the progress bar slowly
increase Lu you was certainly clear that
a normal cultivation would never be like
this how can anyone clearly feel their
progress usually it took 10 days and
half a month of cultivation to make a
tiny bit of progress and that little bit
of feeling had long since been buried in
the drudgery of
practicing situations like luu's were
few and far between this was the work of
The Da embryo Dan as well as the Dragon
Tiger golden Dan and the effect of that
sword poool it was only then that luu's
cultivation progress became clearly felt
when the cultivation was over luu only
felt that his stomach was empty and
hungry enough fortunately xiaan Yuan had
ordered someone to prepare a meal a long
time ago
once on the table luu immediately
feasted on the food he's only 3 years
old but he's already eating like an
adult seeing this scene Jia Jing next to
him couldn't help but exclaim big
brother you have a really good appetite
chapter 51 terrifying cultivation speed
luu smiled a little embarrassed by Xiao
Jing saying this he also felt it he was
on his Master side and his meals were
several times larger than before
obviously in the middle of the day you
feel full after a few small bites but at
the end of the day it's enough for two
bowls of rice plus so many dishes I'm
afraid mom would be shocked if she found
out that he could eat so much is this
supposed to be a result of
cultivation jaia wuan glanced at luu
then glanced at Xiao Jing and said
indifferently
because of the fast progress in
cultivation that's why the amount of
meals has increased your cultivation
progress is so slow so of course you
only eat this much every day so it's not
that luu eats too much it's that you eat
too little oh hearing this Xiao Jing
hurriedly lowered his head some shame in
his
expression Master you shouldn't courage
Xiao Jing I'm the one destined to become
the next 10rm Powerhouse so I'm
naturally not ordinary luu opened his
mouth and said sort of comforting Xiao
Jing Xiao Jing nodded not seeing a
problem whether or not he could achieve
the Marshall King realm in the future
was a big question mark L youu on the
other hand was the one who was going to
become a marshall Saint so wasn't it
normal to have a gap xiaan Yuan glanced
at luu and was just about to make a
sarcastic remark when he suddenly
realized something was wrong and
couldn't help but Furrow his brows
without the slightest
hesitation he directly released his
Divine thoughts and in just an instant
he probed luu's body only to see that in
luu's Danton location a small golden
sword had been
born however that small golden sword was
very
very small and its form was
unstable as if it was about to collapse
at any moment but in any case this was
already considered a preliminary
condensation of form in his way of sword
in martial arts at this point it's
already been considered an entrance an
official
introduction in this instant xia wuan
was in a bit of a trance Al Lo also knew
that luu's talent for sword da was very
good and not at all comparable to
Ordinary People that's too fast isn't it
Xiao wuan remembered that back then Xiao
Jing with his help had spent half a year
before he managed to condense a golden
sword and the form wasn't even as
perfect as Lou U's he how long has it
been that's as far as it goes with such
a cultivation speed even xia wuan
couldn't remain calm
originally according to his
estimation luu's ability to condense a
golden sword within a month was already
considered very
impressive it turned out that luu
actually spent only two or three days to
do it Xiao
wuan who originally wanted to say
something directly choked and was
speechless Lu Chang xang was so heav and
defying in the beginning
who would have thought that this son of
his would be even more Heaven defying
than him
outrageous it's
outrageous Master what do you say luu
turned his head to look at xia whenu won
master master when luu saw xiaan yuan's
face looked very odd he couldn't help
but feel a little strange and hurly
shouted a few times only then did xia
wuan wake up as if from a dream he
looked at luu with a complicated face
and only after a long time did he slowly
say your cultivation progress it is
indeed very fast really when luu heard
this he couldn't help but widen his eyes
and said with a fluttering brow I knew
it I'm a cultivation
genius
haaha it's really true cultivation was
liver and boring but to receive this
praise from Master it was all worth it
however before Lou you could be happy
for long xia wanan
continued but just this bit of progress
and then you want to take the Marshall
Sage as your goal but it's far from
enough it's just too much worse when
your father and I cultivated at the same
speed that was called rapid progress
when Lou you heard this he also knew
that he was too happy too soon he
frowned and said I will continue to work
hard jaia Wan nodded with a Stern face
keep up the good work cultivation isn't
a one-day effort you need to be
persistent despite saying something
against his heart this is for Lou us
good so there is no problem after eating
the next time was the time for teaching
military affairs
which was undoubtedly more boring
compared to
cultivation Xiao Jing aside just
listening we feel the sky spinning a
sentence how to drill into his ears and
how to drill out without leaving a trace
even L you was barely able to keep up
with the progress this was thanks to the
Natural ability to not forget and some
of the content although not
understood could be eaten in one Gulp
and then slowly pondered over
afterward still he found his own
pleasure in the boring lessons for
example simulated War drills both sides
simulated previous Wars on the war
sandbox although in almost every case
luu lost and was utterly defeated but it
still allowed him to find a hint of fun
just like playing real-time strategy
games in his previous life of course
it was countless times more complicated
than those
games however the maneuverability was
also countless times greater during the
battle luu also thought of a lot of
todry
operations but also used some of the Art
of War in his previous life such as the
sound of the East to strike the West the
golden
cicada openly repairing the inroad in
the dark as well as penetrating and
detouring div fighting and en circling
surrounded by the point of the
reinforcements and other tactics if luu
was facing an average opponent he might
have been able to make a surprise move
and succeed in stealing a chicken or two
but
unfortunately luu was facing the former
Grand sea Chief Marshall this little
immature trick of his was nothing in
jaia and yuan's eyes it wasn't that the
pl didn't work but the people using them
didn't work luu used it too roughly
giving a lot of breaks and allowing Xiao
wuan to find a lot of
opportunities and the result was a
defeat lost again luu said with a frown
and then began to think of new tactics
jaia wuan glanced at the time and spoke
you should go home ha one more hand L
you couldn't help but say Xiao one you w
no although this unconquerable nature he
he liked it but the reasoning of tension
and
relaxation he still
understood the arm couldn't be bent so L
you could only go home honestly with the
S-Class Airship Polaris in charge of
Transportation even though luu's
itinerary wasn't considered a secret not
a single person dared to touch him after
all with the Aurora ship's defense even
if several Marshall Emperors came over
together they wouldn't be able to do
anything in a short period of time even
with the Aurora's
Firepower it was possible to
Counterattack to some degree so
safety-wise there's little to worry
about soon luu returned to the Marshall
Saint residence bayyo looked at him and
couldn't help but tease you're really a
busy man you're in the same mold as your
father I hardly see you a few times a
day anymore before this when Lua was by
BYU ya side pestering her almost every
day bayu Yao felt that he was a bit
annoying but now that he's not home all
day he misses him a bit again mom if you
miss me just say so luu said with a
smile who said they missed you by yuyo
said I'm not going to the inner cabinet
tomorrow
so I'll just stay home and play with you
luu thought about it and said anyway the
main quest of the inner cabinet had
already been completed so he could not
have to go over there so
diligently who wants you to play with me
by yuyo rolled her eyes Mom I'm telling
you oh pride has retired its version Lu
you said in a serious manner you have to
be frank by
yuyo this was a bit strange but not hard
to understand by Yu Yao froze for a
moment and then reacted she narrowed her
eyes at this kid actually dared to flirt
with mom like this it seems that he owes
a beating chapter 52 new main quest luu
was lying on the bed rambling with by
yuyo about the events of the day from
the cabinet meeting in the morning to
the cultivation in the afternoon to the
military course in the evening and the
war simulation sparring match at the end
speaking of which this is still luu's
first time to speak in the cabinet this
thought of a hit to solve the problem
that everyone cannot be solved who can
think of those old
foxes one by one even hid so deep
obviously there has been a solution but
because of the interests of the
relationship between each other to shift
the blame there is no hurry to solve the
problem come to think of it it is also
right if those cabinet members are
really that simple how can they walk on
that kind of high position just at this
critical juncture still thinking of
playing with each other is really too
abominable it was because of his own
presence that things
accelerated and they immediately put
together a reinforcement Army from the
East to this crisis by yuyo who was on
the side listened attentively to luu's
narration and did not interrupt him she
can see that the reason Li you angry not
his own failure but feel that these
cabinet members of the game between each
other simply too
disappointing they think they are chess
players and treat others as pawns not
realizing that in the big picture they
are just pawns it's not their fault
after waiting for luu to finish speaking
bayu ya slowly said their status as
chess players was also just pushed out
by
others yeah luu nodded with some
disappointment and said slowly the
nature of power though bottom up is that
something like power is often only
responsible for the source of power
hearing this bayu ya glanced at luu with
some
surprise and couldn't help but silently
recite in her heart the nature of power
is bottom up but power is often only
responsible for the source of the power
I have to say that's a really pithy
summary being able to understand this
luu had grown quite a bit in the
cabinet next luu talked about
cultivation and Military courses and by
yuyo listen equally attentively luu
glanced at his quest panel in passing as
he chatted now the main quest obtaining
the approval of the cabinet members is
finally completed and two side quests
that are still missing the last stage to
be
completed 100 companions approval
obtaining a top quality Heaven and Earth
Treasure the current progress is 72 out
of 100 which is still quite a bit short
so it's good to know that there's still
some time left and I'm not sure if I'll
be able to finish it
Phase 2 mission bring Cho manam back to
the human race Mission reward natural
ability sword da
tongin this mission was a bit of a pain
in the ass luu currently had no clue how
to accomplish it after all the current
Xiao wuan hadn't rebelled against the
human race yet so how could they talk
about bringing him back this mission is
simply a bug no choice but to take a
step forward speaking of which the next
main quest hasn't appeared yet and I
wonder when it will come out as if it
could sense luu's chanting the systems
Mission
Interface
surprisingly immediately appeared with a
prompt aha what comes to mind Lou youu
Who was already a little sleepy and
about to fall asleep immediately came to
life system panel text slowly emerges
due to your outstanding performance in
the cabinet you have received initial
recognition from the leaders of the
major factions who reluctantly agree
that you have the identity of a chess
player but this alone is not enough as
the son of a martial arts Saint it's
good to know about politics but it's not
a good thing to be obsessed with
politics obsessed with
politics that's not a good thing
during this time when you were dealing
with political Affairs you thought of
some past events you once had and many
years ago as the son of a marshal Saint
you were betrothed to a girl later on
you chose to leave home because you had
a falling out with your father and the
engagement was put on hold at that time
you were young and vigorous did not
think too much think that this marriage
contract with your departure long ago
does not count your father also as you
wish door to cancel the marriage but you
recently realized that the girl that
year actually still waiting for you to
come back now that you have returned a
full 22 years late please try to
reconnect with her whom you have not
seen in 22 years Mission reward Red Dust
sword technique Lou looked at the words
in front of him and his tiny face was
filled with dismay Not Buddy this Quest
is also too screwed up I can understand
the marriage contract I can understand
the girl who waited for me for 22 years
but can you at least give me the name of
the other person how do I know who the
other person is if I don't give a name
how can I accomplish this task again luu
couldn't help but wonder if this sister
was doing it on purpose he himself
relied on the system to arrive 40 years
earlier doing all kinds of tasks can be
said to be
unbeatable crazy wool Gathering simply
do not be too good as a result this task
given by the system now for himself
after 40 years to be relatively simple
although pigeon hold the other side of
22 years but at least know who the the
other side is unlike the current self
like a headless fly looking at this task
Lou you pondered
seriously logically speaking to be able
to make a marriage contract with the son
of the Marshall Saint the other party's
life must not be simple according to
this condition to retrieve it should be
able to know the approximate range the
biggest worry now the other guy isn't in
blue star or even boring yet and that
would be the end of it this is the main
quest and if you get stuck here there's
no way to complete any of the main
quests after that this won't work
thinking about what by yuyo looked at
luu's pensive little face and couldn't
help but ask with a smile there were
times when she really wanted to know
what luu's little head was thinking
about all day long Mom I have a question
I want to ask you luu hesitated for a
moment but still opened his mouth hm by
yuyo answered looking at luu's face she
couldn't help but be a little curious
what kind of problem was it that made
him squir like this this was not luu's
character luu opened his mouth and asked
have you identified any future
daughters-in-law are there a few
favorites by yuyo her eyes w whitened in
dismay and her beautiful eyes looked at
luu
incredulously before that she would
never have dreamed that Lu you could
even ask such a question how old is this
guy 3 years old and he's already
thinking of getting married I know
you're a big boy but isn't it too soon
for a moment aayu ya didn't even know
what to spit out after a long time bayu
yaa forced back her laughter and opened
her mouth to ask do you have a favorite
little girl which one do you want to
bring it back so that I can take a look
for you no le you knew that by Yu Yao
misunderstood so he said in a serious
manner I just want you mom to open up
for me and see which girl I like bye
yuyo chapter 53 four girls don't you
think it's too early by yuyo still
couldn't help but spit out it is indeed
too early luu nodded and he acknowledged
this if it wasn't for the mission he
would never have said those things but
for the sake of the mission it can't be
helped under his
analysis it was very likely that the
future marriage contract would be
arranged by
bayyo his mother if it was luu's own
object of choice all set to to marry
with his character he certainly could
not do the todry operation of unplugging
the ruthlessness and turning his head to
run mostly it's the kind of political
marriage where you haven't even seen
your face a couple of times and don't
have much of a
relationship
there it was still necessary to ask by
yuya's opinion at this moment luu racked
his brain to think before speaking
everything in preparation is not a
problem besides I even went to the
cabinet to participate in politics and I
spoke today and even though it wasn't
adopted they all thought my ideas were
good since I'm even in the cabinet for
politics it's not particularly early to
talk about this marriage thing that may
sound like it makes sense but when you
think about it it's really still
 who knows when bayu heard such
words she actually nodded with approval
she thought for a moment and said I
won't hide it from you privately I did
secretly identify a few little girls for
you no Mom you actually actually
searched for me ah luu couldn't help but
open his mouth when he heard this this
time it was his turn to be shocked
although this thing is his initiative
but the mom actually really dry he was
never expected to to know he is only 3
years old ah now consider these is not
too
exaggerated terrible woman BYU ya
frowned when she heard luu's surprised
words this kid does he owe you a beating
fishing here to sneak up on you to lie
to make yourself say such things she
knew it wasn't right so she wasn't going
to say anything and she ended up falling
for the kids big trick anyway bayu ya
felt her hands itching a bit it's true
ah if you don't fight for 3 days you'll
go up to your room luu had a bad feeling
that his ass was going to be bad he
quickly
explained I'm
surprised bayyo stared at him with
skeptical eyes that tone just now how
did it sound not like a
surprise but rather like spitting which
little girls are they all luu hurriedly
spoke want to know by yuyo
smiled aha luu nodded not telling you by
yuyo laughed then rolled over and went
to sleep when luu saw this scene he was
a bit
dumbfounded you are such an adult why
are you still playing a childish temper
more childish than me a child but this
was not difficult for luu luu had his
own way he shook by yuya's arm and
didn't let her sleep at all after a
while like this by Yu ya couldn't stand
the annoyance and opened her mouth
listening to the names of those few
Clans and a few girls Lu you carefully
memorize them do family do CH Yin Jang
family
snow by the river SI family SI chinga
Cho family CH Ru is there more luu
continued to ask no more by yuo said
without a trace of anger this kid is
really greedy for is not enough how many
more do you want all right luu nodded he
planned to contact them one by one next
to see if there were any Targets for the
mission in there if there was then
naturally it would be great if not then
it would be a problem and you would have
to take your time to find it afterwards
bayud ya looked at luu's appearance as
he carefully memorized the names and
secretly
calculated she couldn't help but spit
out I've never seen you like this you're
in a hurry to find a wife at such a
young age do you know about the things
between men and women I know Lu you
nodded by yuyo who had only made a
casual remark heard this and her face
changed as she couldn't help but ask you
know how did you know L you would like
to say a few months ago there was a time
when he woke up in the night and turned
over in a days and he just happened to
see you and Dad doing that kind of thing
but he thought about it it's a little
bit bad to say so after all it's a
private thing even if he is childish but
it's not good so he changed his mind and
said holding hands and kissing mouths
hearing this by yuya's heart that had
been lifted was put down again small
children are still cute a with a serious
look on her face she
admonished then you mustn't kiss on the
mouth or you'll have children and you'll
be a father got it Lu you was speechless
you're lying to a child here seeing him
with this expression by Yu ya frowned
why do you have this expression you
don't need to tell me that I definitely
know everything luu said bye
yuyo suddenly luu thought of something
and hurriedly opened his mouth to ask by
the way the few times I went to Master's
home I never saw senior Maiden hearing
this by yuga's face was a bit subtle she
thought for a moment and said because
your senior mother went to a place Far
Far Away
remember in the future don't ever bring
up the matter of your senior mother in
front of your master Far Far Away luu
nodded if
anything he had been a little curious
before but luckily he hadn't asked his
master to his face long time no see the
woman looked at xia wuan and said gently
why are you here Xiao wuan stared at the
dignified and elegant woman in front of
him and spoke with a complicated
expression this is my home I came back
to see my child why can't I come the
woman sat on the edge of the bed and
Tenderly stroked Jing's head Xiao Jing
in his sleep seems to have a sense
originally tightly knit eyebrows but
slowly stretching open you crossed
countless Star Realms to come here just
to take a look at him Xiao wuan asked
indifferently of course not the woman
raised her head and calmly looked at
jaia
wuan if you would have listen to me back
then then the current 10rm Marshall
Saint wouldn't be Li Chang xang but but
you Xiao
wuan you came to me to rehash old
matters xia wuan raised his head and
asked with an unchanged face hum the
woman smiled charmingly and continued I
came to find you in order to give you
another chance to break through the 10th
realm oh hearing this Xiao
wanan however kept his face unchanged
and let out a salty o he knows very well
that everything has a price as long as
you can leave the human race and come to
my side I will ask the mother goddess to
return that item to you and send you to
the Abyssal land to try out the woman
said with a serious face at that time
your breakthrough to the 10th realm will
just be a matter of going along for the
ride as long as you break through the
10th realm you can completely push for
friendship between the human race and us
at that time your reputation is a
traitor to the human race can also be
immediately Vindicated and crowned as a
hero once again what's there to hesitate
about what are you waiting for listening
to the woman's words jelan yuan's face
grew lower and lower chapter 54 How
brave don't you know I have an S-Class
ship looking at Jalan yuan's lowered
face the woman continued to speak the
human Community has been developing for
so many years it has long been corrupt
and corrupted and has accumulated
countless ills if it goes on like this
it will be difficult to return from the
accumulation of heavy weights and the
distance to Annihilation will only be a
matter of a few hundred years in this if
it wasn't for Lu changings appearance
the current human race would have long
been in the Twilight of its days his
appearance pushed the human race to the
top but it also turned the human race
into the Public Enemy of all Races
he's supposed to be the salvation of the
human race but he's done nothing but
maintain the status quo how ridiculous
is that the human race needs a change
agent like you but you have fallen to
this not only have they stripped you of
your power but they have also erased the
merits you once had making people forget
what you've given and only know that you
are a peak Marshall Emperor a human race
just like this is not worth keeping you
leave with me and after you break
through the 10th realm you can come back
to change all this is not too late
listening to the woman's provocative
words ja when yuan's complexion didn't
change in any way having grown all the
way up to this point he knew very well
that there was no free lunch in this
world song Chan Xiao Wan slowly raised
his head whom the woman's reaction was
noticeably slower when she heard the
long-lost human name if you were truly
sincere then you wouldn't have come over
with an avatar jaia wuan let out a cold
laugh and asked
unflinchingly are you afraid that I'll
catch your original body when son Chan
heard this her face stiffened clearly
showing some
dissatisfaction Xiao Wan youan don't go
too far I've already given you another
chance I'll wait for your orig body to
come before me and at that point I might
just consider it jaia wuan narrowed his
eyes and spoke
indifferently he also didn't give son
Chan a chance to speak and with a snap
of his fingers son Chan's figure was
like a bubble gradually dissipating Into
Thin Air a secret place son Chan's face
was ugly
failed damn it how dare you dispel me
straight away oh xia W youan Xiao W
youan you've Fallen to this point what's
left of this human race worth staying in
since you're so heartless towards me
don't blame me for forcing you to make a
decision son Chan said fiercely as she
stared at the information in front of
her on which was clearly a tender child
the son of the Marshall St Lu Chang xang
Lu U it was also the current deci Le of
xiaan Yuan if he has an accident on the
way to xiaan Yuan then xiaan yuan is
afraid that he can't be washed away even
if he jumps into the Yellow River
only I'm afraid that forcing him in this
way would
backfire once luu had an accident it
would also cause the Marshall Saint to
become Furious and the consequences
would be
unimaginable so it would be best to use
luu's little life as a threat to make
xia wuan defect to the human race
s Chan looked at the intelligence
carefully and her face changed slightly
worthy of being the son of a marshall
Saint he even had an S-Class Airship
escorting him throughout the entire
Journey an S-Class spaceship even if she
went all out she couldn't break the
ship's
defense
moreover blue star was the home base of
the human race and a slight difference
over here would be detected by the
celestial worker intelligence
and with luu's status and position
countless support would immediately come
therefore trying to rob the son of the
Marshall Saint by force was almost a
Daydream good on the other party is just
a three-year-old child even if direct
action is not possible but you can coax
the other party to open the door what
her clan was best it was the art of
change and it's not just as simple as
changing the shape of your flesh as your
strength
increases the art of change increases
accordingly and as long as you get
enough
materials either your breath your
Ires or your DNA can be perfectly
replicated of course the strength
certainly can't be
duplicated and the moment you do it
you'll reveal yourself but it's enough
son Chan was very confident about this
even if this Lu youu is smart
he's just a
three-year-old it's still easy to trick
him with my understanding of xiaan Yuan
and these materials in my hands turning
into his
appearance as long as I don't do
anything I can barely find any
cracks this way it won't cause any
commotion even this L you won't realize
from start to finish that I'm not his
master use him as blackmail to force
yaia when you want to leave the human
race then send this Leu back from start
to finish without alerting anyone
onlookers may even think that he xia
wuan rebelled against the human race on
his own turning to the next day luu
contacted his gold medal Junior yanching
and asked him to help collect the
details of those four little girls
focusing on not alarming them and
sending the information to himself first
yuguan Ching was obviously a bit
surprised by the task given by his big
brother but he didn't think much about
it and immediately went to do it
although luu as the leader of the big
brother did not care much about things
but today's Heroes of dashia circle has
been considered very powerful this small
matter is naturally not a problem
because luu wasn't going to the cabinet
today time became plentiful luu decided
to go to his master's house early and
then take some time out to organize
another Hero's
conference in fact he wanted to hold it
outside but considering that it was not
safe
outside he thought better of it if
something really happened it would
definitely not be a small matter so it
was better to be careful Lu was very
satisfied with his identity as the only
son of the Marshall saint but because of
this he couldn't go wherever he wanted
like an ordinary child even if you go to
your Master's house you have to ride the
entire time in an S-Class Airship and
you can't get off the Airship to play in
the middle of the trip but it can't be
helped who made him the only son of the
Marshall Saint with all the conveniences
and benefits that you get there is
definitely a corresponding bad side it's
pretentious if you have to complain
about that after having breakfast and
playing games with his mom for a while
luu boarded the polar and headed to his
master's home at the moment the Airship
was flying at an even speed and since it
was flying on the surface it wasn't too
fast so luu could lie down by the window
and take a good look at the
scenery just then the ship was
intercepted and came to a violent stop
what's the situation luu hastily glanced
at the large screen of the center
control not far above the sky there was
a figure that was clearly Xiao when
youan Master Lu you couldn't help but be
a little
surprised why did Master appear here
jawanan looked at luu with a calm
expression and opened his mouth lightly
his voice directly transmitted in today
is a day off cultivation is
suspended let's go I'll take you to an
interesting place to play and relax
combining work and rest where's Xiao
Jing luu froze for a moment and
subconsciously asked heun's already
passed Xiao wuan continued just waiting
for you this way ah luu nodded but in
his heart he was a little
suspicious feeling that something was
wrong this person in front of him was he
really the master true or false just try
it and see Lou you raised his head and
rushed to the center control
intelligence and ordered convert to
attack mode attack the Target in front
immediately the ship's intelligence
responded
indifferently Attack Mode has been
switched high energy particle cannons
activated Target locked only to see that
countless points of red light were
converging in the two flanks of the
Polaris in the mouths of one of the
black holes of the Cannons seeing this
scene Jau and face changed drastically
discovered why was it discovered without
the slightest
hesitation this Joe when youan turned
around and ran seeing this scene luu
knew that his guess was correct whom
trying to escape you can outrun an
S-Class spaceship can you outrun a high
energy particle cannon that's Brave
didn't you know I had an S-Class ship
chapter 55 at a young age the mind is
meticulous and the hand is vicious
generally speaking S-Class airships were
targeted at the strongest of the
Marshall Emperor realm trying to build
an S-Class Airship often required the
investment of vast amounts of resources
and money and many strong Marshal
Emperors without family lineage could
not afford to get an S-Class Airship out
just by themselves just one S-Class
Airship was all they had which was
really not worth it and it would be
better to continue using A-Class
airships therefore IND dashia and even
the entire human Community an S-Class
Airship was undoubtedly a symbol of
identity and status but for Marshall St
L Chong Shang an ordinary S-Class
Airship was nothing at all and he had
specially built this Polaris which was
far superior to ordinary S-Class
airships in terms of both defense and
attacking
capabilities if it was strictly defined
it should be named a super S-Class ship
or an ssass ship only the highest grade
on the market is the
s-grade but as it turns out there's a
difference between an S-Class ship and
an S-Class ship the terrifying power of
these high energy particle cannons which
instantly emitted a torrent of high
energy particles was such that according
to pops even a marshall Emperor realm
Powerhouse would have to avoid it
although they weren't life-threatening
to a marshall Emperor realm
Powerhouse if they hit they could still
cause a marshall Emperor to be in a bit
of a mess as for a strong person in the
Marshall King realm if they were hit
multiple times they would have to be
seriously injured only pops also said
that it wasn't that simple to hit a
strong person above the Marshall King
realm and with their initial Mastery of
the power of rules the ship couldn't
lock onto them
and this person disguised as his teacher
xia wuan was obviously not a strong
Marshal Emperor realm not even a
marshall King realm and according to the
evaluation data given by the
Intelligence Center control his strength
was probably between the Grand Master
and Marshall King Realms in other words
the peak of the seventh realm or even
quasi Marshall King on top of this blue
star it was barely considered a
Powerhouse
it was only a Pity that he had
encountered luu in his super S-Class
ship and it was simply a Fool's errand
to think of escaping without becoming an
eighth realm Powerhouse and mastering
the power of rules go to hell luu's eyes
were fixed on the center screen a
powerful Sovereign at the sixth Realm of
the Marshall da was able to condense
into a Dharma phase and his battle power
was greatly increased and a great Master
Powerhouse of the seventh Realm of the
Marshall da could transform his fantasm
into his own do
and was known as a domain
Powerhouse if they were pulled into the
realm The Grandmaster would have an
advantage against the
patriarch the two sides were simply not
on the same level at this moment the guy
disguised as a teacher facing the threat
of the high energy particle Cannon
frantically opened his domain trying to
use it to block the attack of the high
energy particle Cannon buzz buzz
Buzz a torrent of particles mercilessly
destroyed his domain and in just a split
second the domain space was in pieces
and shattered the domain was an
extension of the body's
Consciousness and when the domain was
destroyed to such an extent it would not
be good for itself jaia wuan was
spitting blood from his mouth at the
moment and his gaze towards luu's side
could be described as a stare she really
never dreamed that this three-year-old
child would be so Vigilant it's fine to
be vigilant if she's spotted she just
leaves who would have thought that this
Lou you would directly turn on the high
energy particle cannon at the drop of a
hat and continuously bombard her a look
of
immortality it's not I'm wearing your
Master's face now do you and your master
have some kind of deep Grudge that's too
harsh aren't you afraid of what might
happen Buzz another round of high energy
particles blasted over and with the
remnants of her domain son Chan narrowly
dodged it and a fiery touch came from
the skin of half of her body
almost almost she died in fact if the
field hadn't opened up fast enough she
would have been dead but now with the
shattering of the domain she was already
dying you can't kill me son Chan's eyes
whitened as she opened her mouth and
shouted in the Polaris Lou you also
heard this but he didn't hesitate for a
second fire keep firing can't kill you
why not when you pretended to be a
master before and planned to trick me
into opening the door weren't you
mentally prepared to die speaking of
which this was the first time Lou had
encountered an attack and although the
other party had yet to make a move
technically it was indeed considered an
attack not far away struggling to hold
on to the Tattered domain son Chan still
wanted to beg for mercy but what
responded to her was a Relentless blast
of high energy particle
artillery buzz buzz as a torrent of high
energy particles hit the field the
tatter field was continuously
dismembered and no longer had much
effect it was even more difficult for
song Chan to resist and he was instantly
hit by a frontal blast with half of his
body almost turning into
charcoal it then fell down from the air
like a bird that had been hit luu
watched the scene with interest then
commented it's really worthy of a grand
Master's physical strength it's really
hard I thought it would be completely
annihilated ated at the fifth realm the
martial artist forges a golden body the
sixth realm the seventh realm and the
strength of the golden body will
continue to increase with the realm and
if it reaches the eighth realm the ninth
realm it can almost be hardened against
high energy particle cannons with its
physical body the human body is still
marvelous but this guy is too weak just
one hit from a high energy particle
Cannon and he's on the verge of death or
maybe playing dead really think I'm a
child first you Kajol then you play dead
fire keep firing luu did not hesitate
and immediately gave the order not far
song Chan who was pretending to be dead
fell from the air and was flying down as
if he was a corpse like that but she
didn't feel the slightest hint that
danger was moving away the premonition
of life and death in his heart instead
grew stronger with the elevation of the
realm the sixth sense of a strong person
would be infinitely Amplified in battle
especially in moments of life and death
at this moment son Chan's scalp was
tingling damn little thing this was to
drive out the whole world so young so
thoughtful so vicious what a monster
on the verge of death son Chan had no
means left and if she didn't think of a
way out she would really die she once
again supported the tattered domain and
frantically dodged the torrent of
particles then raised her head violently
and shouted at the Airship I'm your
Master's wife Xiao Jing's mother you
can't kill me in the middle of the
Airship luu heard the words and froze
slightly he couldn't help but Furrow his
brows Xiao Jing's mom Master's wife she
didn't die a long time ago I can't
believe you're trying to trick me damn
it man keep firing after s Chan shouted
these words she almost cried out when
she saw that the crisis was not lifted I
didn't lie to you don't kill me you
can't kill me she's going to break down
this kid can't be bothered with oil and
salt he's determined to kill himself is
it that big of a deal Buzz another high
energy particle Cannon blasted over
directly penetrating son Chan's body luu
calmly watched this scene and after
thinking about it he still made a
communication call to his master the
communication was quickly picked up and
xia wuan looked at him calmly what's
wrong
luu thought for a moment and opened his
mouth Master just now there was a person
who disguised himself as you and tried
to trick me into opening the door of the
Airship when these words came out xia
wanan burst into flames he quickly
shouted don't open the door don't open
the door chapter 56 who can bear the
wrath of a martial Saint move forward in
time a little bit Xiao Jing is eating
breakfast at home as he ate his
breakfast he watched his father
carefully though weak and timid Xiao
Jing is very
observant ever since he had gotten up in
the morning he had noticed that his
father's face didn't look quite right
and he had a preoccupied look on his
face those times in the past there was
something on his mind but it was
definitely not what it was now Xiao Jing
didn't know how to describe it but it's
just not quite the same after hesitating
for a long time jaia Jing mustered up
the courage to open his mouth and asked
Dad do you have something on your mind
can you talk to me about it hearing this
jawanan was stunned as he subconsciously
touched his face and asked with some
surprise is it that obvious it's not
that obvious but I can tell
Xiao Jing answered so this matter is
better if you don't know xia wanan shook
his head and slowly spoke oh The Surge
of Courage that Xiao Jing had just
summoned up was only enough for him to
ask but not enough for him to continue
to pursue the question so he didn't
continue to ask xia wuan looked at Xiao
Jing with a complex expression and a
heavy heart he had been thinking about
that question since last night until now
song Chan's words last night had indeed
touched him at this stage the only way
for him to have a glimmer of hope of
breaking through to the 10th rank was to
leave the human race but he likewise
understood that everything had a price
and the same was true for obtaining the
opportunity to break through the 10th
rank this trip to the false
transformation Race's star territory was
mostly dangerous and even with song
Chan's Assurance it couldn't really be
safe it would be a Fool's errand to
believe her Xiao
wuan who had seen a lot of things
naturally wouldn't be like that his own
danger however was nothing to him he had
broken through all the way to human
Emperor and had long since experienced
countless life and death crisis it's
normal for martial artists to die in the
middle of an adventure isn't it just he
had his own concerns after all for one
thing Xiao Jing hasn't grown up yet
without his shelter with Jou Jing status
and his character I'm afraid that he
would live a very miserable life even
with L Chong shing's care it was
probably not much better after all he
had to carry the title of son of
betrayer in addition he hadn't taught Lu
you much this child was was naturally
intelligent his talent in the way of the
sword was even more exaggerated than his
he was equally interested in military
art and had great
Ambitions and although he was still a
bit naive and cute his heart of a bearch
child was enough to make anyone falter
even xiaan Yuan was no exception before
that he had clearly stopped trusting
anyone even that Lu Chang xen but after
meeting luu and seeing his ambition xia
wuan was slightly shaken the day he
formally paid his
respects he and luu a child argued for a
long time until luu has sentenced so you
want to rebel against the human
Community only then did xia wuan
gradually calm down Xiao
wuan at that time found the words
somewhat
inexplicable last night when I talked to
sonan Chan jauan was somewhat moved by
the words and was a bit foolish inside
suddenly he remembered luu's words again
so you want to rebel against the human
community at that time jaia wuan was
much more awake at once and directly
dispersed son Chan's Avatar but his
heart it had been spoken for and that
was a fact that could not be changed
this made Xiao when you want a bit torn
and has been torn until now just then a
communication call came in when xiaan
Yuan saw that it was luu he didn't
hesitate and directly
connected then he heard to his dismay
that someone had disguised themselves to
trick luu into opening the Airship door
xia wuan instantly realized what it was
and he stared
incredulously his eyes rening a bit how
did she think how did she dare how dare
she hit luu's body with her idea in just
an instant xenan guess son Chan's idea
of using luu and coercing him to leave
the human race don't open the door don't
open the door send me the
coordinates I'll be right over xia wuan
shouted out in a hurry and then with
hardly any
hesitation he instantly left his home to
find luu
hearing this luu on the screen nodded
and said of course I didn't open the
door that's good jawanan was slightly
relieved with the defense of an S-Class
ship that song Chan wouldn't be able to
open the ship for a while even if she
called someone over wait for me to
arrive I'll be right over xia wuan said
in a hurry it's fine the other party
seems to be just one person and they've
already been killed by me Lou you
continued ha when xia wuan heard this
his face turned odd and he asked with
some
disbelief what did you say she's dead
already killed by you in the Polaris
spacecraft luu's heart thumped as he
looked at his master's odd face that guy
can't really be Master's wife can he are
you serious
this well that's awkward when you see
your good buddy Xiao Jing in the future
how can you get along when you think of
killing his mom just then a string of
data came from the Intelligence Center
control again the Target still had a
trace of Life signs and no longer had
any ability to resist or Escape should
we continue the attack kill the target
completely seeing this one tip L you
hurriedly spoke hold off on attacking
then he turned his head to the teacher
and said it seems like he's still alive
he still has his last breath left
teacher please come over quickly I'll
send you the coordinates right now good
xia wuan received the coordinates and
didn't hesitate immediately speeding up
in the meantime the skyworks
intelligence monitor in platform located
outside of the Blue Planet had long ago
monitored the battle taking place in the
stratosphere a stream of high energy
particles moved so much that it split
the clouds directly and it was hard not
to detect it the celestial
intelligence immediately uploaded a
series of information including this
S-Class ship of
luu the
Polaris not long after by yuyo received
a message what did you say Lu you is
suspected to have suffered an attack at
this moment the usual gentle as water by
yuyo became extraordinarily cold the
cold air cannot be controlled to escape
her whole person is even more
murderous the left and right people all
of them shivered one by one face to face
something big happened within a radius
of W 0000
kilm all the Marshall Emperors and
Marshal Kings all of them move out for
me immediately proceed to the
destination and provide fire support
although bayu yya is usually kind to
people and didn't like to participate in
politics her realm was even only a
Grandmaster so she could be described as
mediocre and easily
underestimated but she has another
identity
misses
mushing the supreme power that came with
that status though she never used it was
not
non-existent at this moment of anger the
entire great SE would tremble the
Marshall King who was reporting the news
with bayu ya couldn't help but feel a
Tremor in his heart when he heard this
if luu really had an accident the
consequences would really be
unimaginable who can bear the wrath of a
marshall Saint chapter 57 critical
turning points in the mission within
just 5 minutes from luu's Attack the
entire blue stars top ealon was shaken
all the martial Kings and martial
Emperors were all confused the moment
they heard the news who who are you
saying was attacked the only son of the
sage of wushu this is the Blue Planet
the Imperial Star of
dashia it is also the home base of the
human
Community how could we be be attacked
here who would have the guts to risk
their lives those
foreigners even if they were crazy they
wouldn't be like this would they
although one was very shocked and felt
that the news was
unbelievable no one took the news as a
joke whether it was true or not since
the order had been conveyed they had to
go out if you don't go over to support
you are not giving face to the Marshall
Saint in dashia you cannot give face to
anyone but the Marshall Saint as a
result a group of Marshall King and
Marshall Emperor powerhouses rushed into
the sky and flew towards the location of
the
coordinates but the first to arrive or
xia
wuan he was the strongest and at the
same time the one who received the most
information when xia wuan arrived he
immediately saw the dying song ch
as well as Lu Ching's S-Class ship luou
you was very Vigilant and even though
another master came over he still didn't
come out of the Airship what if it's
still fake what if it's an accomplice of
the guy from earlier maybe he's thinking
of playing for time and tricking himself
out don't tell me it's really
possible but after jaia wuan came over
he didn't talk to him much less trick
him into coming out jaia wuan looked at
song Chan on the ground with a
complicated expression why bother xia
wuan spoke slowly song Chan who was
severely injured and on the verge of
death raised his head with difficulty
and slowly glanced at Jaan Yuan opened
his mouth as if he wanted to say
something but he couldn't help but cough
up a mouthful of blood blood mixed with
guts and spit out of his mouth
actually I had already been moved by
your words xia wanan continued but I
don't want to leave right now maybe wait
for a few more years 10 more years and
when Xiao Jing and LU you are a bit
older I'll leave the human race to take
a risk and wrestle with the possibility
of a tenth realm but you to do such a
stupid thing what's stupid is that a
three-year-old even saw the cracks and
Beach you alive stupid woman you say in
the first place why didn't I see the
cracking you maybe I've seen it and just
don't want to admit it in the Polaris
spacecraft Louie looked at the scene not
far away and did not hear what his
master was saying but the Master's face
in the center screen seems to be very
bad is this woman really the Master's
wife
then why did she do it to herself luu
frowned and pondered some fragmented
information from the past was finally
strung together at this moment why would
Master rebel against the human community
in the future I'm afraid that there is a
small connection with this teacher's
wife is there a possibility that sheru
is not human at all rather she's a
foreigner everything makes sense when
you think about it that way holy crap
that's some powerful news no wonder mom
was reluctant to tell her information
about her master's wife only saying that
she had gone to a far away Place could
it not be far away where the Fay lived
at that time luu did not think much
about it and thought it was dead so he
said that but it turned out that it was
actually really very far off physical
sense of very far previously when he
stayed at his master's house
luu could clearly feel that his master's
attitude towards Xiao Jing was very
strange to say it was bad it didn't seem
to be that bad more often than not there
was a very complex emotion in it it all
seems to be explained now Xiao Jing
turned out to be the crystallization of
a fay and a human treating such a son
jaia when yuan's emotions were naturally
complicated no wonder jaia clearly had
few friends despite being the son of a
peak Marshall Emperor this is not the
result of mere introversion and fear of
life after all the status is there even
if you are introverted and Afraid Of
Life others will take the initiative to
flatter you and there is no need for you
to take the initiative at all looking at
it again now it wasn't that those kids
didn't want to touch Xiao Jing but they
didn't dare obviously they had all been
instructed by their families until luu's
appearance with luu's status and
position he didn't have those Scruples
at all and directly pulled Xiao Jing
into the circle of great summer Heroes
so it's like this luu nodded
thoughtfully then looked at the picture
in the screen I wonder now what will you
do Master luu realized that he was
afraid that this was the key to that
side quest Phase 2 mission bring Cho
manam back to the human race Quest
reward natural ability sword da
tongin at this very moment Jalan yuan's
Choice mostly determined the direction
of this Mission it's up to Master's
Choice luu stared at the screen in the
meantime not far song Chan who was
paralyzed on the ground lifted her head
with difficulty and said two words very
reluctantly save me save you when xia w
Yuan heard this he looked at her with an
odd expression on his face I already
spared you once back then do you still
remember what the Mi of back then said I
said don't come back don't show your
face again even though the price was
Heavy back then I still let you go but
you don't seem to value that
opportunity this one even tried to
attack my
disciples you should know better than
anyone the weight of his identity the
Heavenly worker intelligence should have
detected all of this and now there
should be a lot of Marshall Kings and
martial Emperors rushing here they
definitely won't kill you but rather
they will strip your body
Consciousness and soul one by one one by
one and then find out everything you
know all of it after all we are husband
and wife I don't want to make a mess so
it's better to let me kill you song Chan
who was lying on the ground heard these
words and slowly sighed slowly closing
her eyes xia wuan no longer hesitated
and simply waved his hand casually and
Son Chan's body was instantly like a
burnt out straw breaking apart in an
instant and completely turning into
flying Ash it was only at this time that
a marshall Emperor arrived late sword
Emperor please don't kill her when Xiao
wuan heard this he glanced at the
visitor and let out a cold snort then
directly left woi looked at the Flying
Ash in the sky helplessly
frowning surprisingly killed how should
this be explained a this attack
naturally cannot just safely protect luu
even if the end but also the identity of
the attacker to find out will be all the
causes and
consequences all
investigated to be considered complete
it's just that the other party has
already turned into flying Ash and his
Godly form has been destroyed so how can
he still
investigate
subsequently many Marshal emperor and
Marshall kings came one after another
after wuin explained the
situation the crowd furled their brows
in some
dissatisfaction only with sword Emperor
Xiao when you on acting like this I'm
afraid that this matter isn't that
simple Chapter 58 a conversation between
men inside the Polaris
spacecraft Lou witnessed the whole
process the moment he saw xia whenu on
strike he couldn't help but widen his
eyes it wasn't that he was surprised by
his master's
ruthlessness but he was marveling at the
fact that the Sword move was Exquisite
although he had only begun practicing
for a short time thanks to the gift of
the system luu had obtained the talent
of natural sword intent and natural
sword heart understanding so he could
naturally see the extraordinary nature
of this sword if I had to describe it in
two words it would be perfect
what a perfect sword it's so pleasing to
the eye luu couldn't help but think to
himself I wonder when I'll be able to
use a sword as well just then a prompt
suddenly appeared before luu's eyes it
was exactly the same as his expected
guess at this moment jaw yuan's Choice
directly determined the direction of
this Mission if jauan was going to
forcefully keep her alive at the expense
of making an enemy of the entire human
race then this Mission will not be
accomplished on the
contrary if Jaan Yuan made a choice then
this Mission there was hope for
completion on the system panel text
slowly
emerges mission
accomplished you have successfully
brought your master xiaan back to the
human race Quest reward natural ability
sword da Tong shin has been issued this
this instant luu could clearly feel that
he had gained an additional extremely
subtle ability this would be the sword
way to God at the same time on the
system panel there was this line of
small words that gave a complete answer
to this Talent sword rode to God this is
an extremely special natural ability
after opening can constantly obtain from
the universe as well as the void of the
existence of the sword Dow rules of
power
so as to strengthen themselves briefly
have a very strong combat power however
it should be noted that those sword da
rule Powers did not belong to you and
after forcibly integrating them into
your body they would cause a certain
degree of damage to your physical body
and even your spirit the more rule power
you
incorporate the stronger you will become
but at the same time the more damage you
will take un
doubtedly this was a killing move that
hurt the enemy a thousand times and
harmed himself 800
times however unlike those ordinary
abilities the upper limit of the sword
da tonin was extremely high and if you
absorbed the power of the rules at all
costs it was entirely possible to
perform a move that exceeded the limit
though the price
naturally was your death this extremely
risky innate ability has another benefit
that is you can use it to refer to the
power of those unknown sword Dow rules
and use this Dangerous Method to rapidly
grow in strength it's crazy and it works
but it needs to be tried with caution
luu couldn't help but Furrow his brows
as he looked at the introduction of this
natural ability unlike the previous
natural
ability this natural ability
surprisingly had a negative effect
that's too
inconvenient but there is no doubt that
this natural ability the ceiling is
extremely high directly absorbing the
power of the rules of the sword da rules
the sixth realm Dharma phase the seventh
realm domain and the eighth realm would
involve the power of rules but it is
only tentatively involved it was only at
the ninth realm that one could be
considered to have ascended
that is to say this natural ability
should it belong to the ninth rank of
the many rewards L you had received so
far this was undoubtedly the one with
the highest rank there are some negative
effects but overall the flaws make this
ability quite
counterintuitive if luu was directly
given a counterintuitive skill that was
directly invincible and didn't require
any cost he would more than likely
wonder if this was was a conspiracy of
the system thinking about this skill in
this way it still makes more sense just
as luu was thinking this bayu ya
unexpectedly appeared not far away as
bayyo approached the hatch of the
Polaris slowly opened and after by yuyo
came in she finally let out a sigh of
relief when she saw that luu was safe
and sound after seeing luu the coldness
and sternness on by yuya's face
instantly disappeared and was replaced
by the usual
gentleness she looked at luu squatted
down and grabbed luu's hand I'm coming
don't be afraid you won't be in any
danger luu couldn't help but blink when
he heard this scared
dangerous yes dangerous and scared it
shouldn't be me should it luu raised his
head and said with a smile mom you're
underestimating me too much just now
that person came over without knowing
what to do and had already been ordered
to attack by me directly blasting him
half dead then he was killed by the
master who rushed over hearing this by
Yu ya nodded of course she was well
aware that this one Polaris ship's
defense ability as well as its attacking
ability was not something that could be
compared to an ordinary S-Class ship
only this was a surprise attack against
luu so how could she dare to take it
lightly What If there really was a
foreign race that didn't know how to die
and spend a lot of money on a surprise
attack the probability was low but she
didn't dare to bet on it go home first
bayyo stroked his head Lu you thought
about it but shook his head I want to go
to the teacher side first why bayu yo
looked at him with some doubt this time
the matter and the teacher has a certain
relationship but please do not blame him
it is not his will he has already made a
move to kill the person who disguised
him that person may still be the
teacher's mother so luu opened his mouth
to explain up I see
BYU Ya's reaction was quick quickly
understanding what was going on then she
nodded and said then I'll accompany you
over there I want to go there by myself
luu said why because it's a conversation
between men mom just
relax then it's okay if I don't get off
the ship well okay since his mom said so
luu had no choice after all he had just
suffered an attack bouya was definitely
not willing to let him leave alone which
was
normal then luu continued to rush to the
master s home although it wasn't luu who
personally killed his master's wife this
matter couldn't be separated from him
but to forcefully attribute the fault to
him would be the theory of the victim's
guilt but now no matter what the senior
Nang is finally dead or Master Xiao when
yuan's hand it's kind of forcing the
master to make a choice so at this
moment Master's feelings are probably
very
complicated right however the mission is
completed indicating that he will not
leave the human race in the future with
a high
probability which is undoubtedly a good
thing he completed his mission and his
master cut off contact with the Fay only
pitying Xiao Jing who has been without a
mother ever since not long after luu
arrived at xiaan yuan's house and met a
bewildered Xiao Jing when he saw luu he
opened his mouth and asked what happened
luu can't answer your mom is gone he
avoided the question somewhat sheepishly
and opened his mouth to ask where is
master in the 10,000 swords Pavilion
Xiao Jing replied 10,000 swords Pavilion
luu was a bit
surprised then continued to ask can you
take me there yes Xiao Jing nodded and
directly began to lead the way luu's
family has a 10,000 law building I
didn't realize that on the Master's side
of the family there is also a 10,000
sword Pavilion and even the naming style
is the same not long after luu followed
to the 10,000 swords Pavilion this
10,000 swords
Pavilion
obviously would not be as Grand as the
10,000 laws building luu turned to Xiao
Jing and said I'll go over and take a
look wait for me here good Xiao Jing was
very well behaved and didn't ask why
nodding in response
chapter 59 you don't even have the
confidence to open up how dare you say
you're open luu quickly ran over and
pushed the door open with Force only a
squeak Was Heard and the heavy door was
slowly pushed open normally this gate
was rarely opened mostly entered through
the side door which made a not
inconsiderable noise when it was open
because it hadn't been maintained much
at this moment not far behind
Xiao Jing saw luu pushing the gate and
just wanted to open his mouth to speak
that the gate could not be pushed open
the next moment he saw luu pushing open
that huge gate and could not help but be
jaw-dropped Big Brother's strength but
also really big a such a big door
actually a push to open Xiao Jing
couldn't help but sigh LU youu on the
other hand didn't think much of it and
looked up inside the doors pushed open
and dust flew freely under the sunlight
what came into view was a vast area of
Dojo with the ground paved by neatly
laid green stone tiles strangely enough
there was not a single sword in this
10,000 swords Pavilion it was just a
futon placed randomly on the ground in
the middle of this Dojo sat a man who
was clearly Master xiaan Yan master
I'm coming luu opened his mouth xia
wanyuan didn't say anything and didn't
even move luu hesitated but walked in
when luu's paw stepped on the ground of
the 10,000 swords Pavilion he could
instantly feel a sharp thrill surging up
from the SS of his feet this is sword
intent luu was a bit
surprised as the possessor of the innate
sword intent Lu you was more than
familiar with it
next with every step he took he could
feel different sharp stimulating
Sensations and they originated from a
variety of completely different sword
intentions until this moment luu finally
realized why this 10,000 swords Pavilion
was named 10,000 swords Pavilion but did
not have a single sword after taking a
dozen were so steps forward the
excitement was obviously a little
stronger and the concent ation of Sword
intent was also a lot stronger if luu
did not possess the innate sword intent
as well as the innate sword mind
Enlightenment I am afraid that he would
have been paralyzed in place next with
every step luu took the sword intent
became a little more terrifying and the
sense of excitement became more intense
after taking another dozen or so steps
feeling the terrifying sword intent that
was like an ocean luu's forehead
couldn't help but break out in a cold
sweat this 10,000 swords Pavilion it's
really not simple after a few more steps
luu felt like he was going to be unable
to support himself despite his talent he
was ultimately too weak just then he saw
a futon next to him and without much
thought he hurriedly sat down sitting on
this
futon that monstrous sword in intent was
indeed alleviated quite a bit at this
moment it felt like sitting on a small
boat although it was swaying with the
waves at least it didn't have to face
the Raging Waves directly sort of got a
break and was able to breathe a little
bit of a sigh of relief up to this point
jaia wanan is still 30 or 40 steps away
from his position it seemed almost
impossible for him to walk there in the
meantime outside the house
thanks to the door being pushed open
Xiao Jing standing at a distance could
clearly see inside when he saw luu walk
toward the front he recited in his mind
one step two steps three steps in the
count to nine steps jaia Jing's face is
written with
surprise although he knows that big
brother luu is very powerful but he has
only begun to cultivate a this will be
able to walk to the ninth step however
he proved to be surprised too soon he
only saw luu continue to walk inside and
in a Flash he reached 20 Paces jaia Jing
subconsciously held his breath as he
continued to count luu's footsteps
29
30
31
32 all the way to 32 steps luu's tiny
body was shaky and he hurriedly found a
futon to sit down 32 steps Xiao Jing was
horrified in his heart and could no
longer use words to describe his
feelings at this moment even though he
had known for a long time that his elder
brother was a genius even the genius of
geniuses seeing this scene still made
him realize the cruelty of this world he
had cultivated until now and after
grinding in the 10,000 swords Pavilion
for so long he was merely able to take
only six steps forward and big brother
who was coming over for the first time
managed to take 32 steps father used to
say within 10 Paces a beginner in Sword
intent within 20 Paces an executioner of
Sword intent and within 30 paces and
Adept of Sword
intent at that time Xiao Jing asked what
about after 30 Paces jaia yuan's reply
was that's not something you need to
consider Xiao Jing said innocently then
if I walk slowly and take only a little
bit of each step one/ tenth of what I
did before won't I be able to walk 30
steps later jaia wanyuan glanced at him
and directly cut off his fantasies the
10,000 swords Pavilion only looks at the
number of steps you take and it has
nothing to do with how long you go
bottom line want a bug doesn't exist at
this moment Leu did not know how much of
a shock he had brought to Xiao Jing's
young Mind by taking these 32 steps he
looked up at jaia when you won who was
not far away and thought for a moment
before speaking
Master though I don't know what to say
or how I can comfort you but I think a
generation has a generation's mission a
generation has a generation's
responsibility a generation does a
generation's business no one can do the
10,000 generation plan even my old man
can't master you've done enough you used
to support the backbone of the human
race now you should take a little rest
you can stop working so hard hearing
this Jawan Yuan finally opened his eyes
you don't understand the current human
race what kind of situation is it sure
enough as Lu you had guessed a ruthless
person like sha wuan would not hide here
to grieve and cry just because of the
death of a foreign woman he was worried
about missing the opportunity to break
through the 10th realm and not being
able to bring change to the human race
again no I understand luu's eyes glowed
as he said
seriously of course I know that the
human race is riddled with ills and I
also know that the human race is a
public enemy in the universe and under
the internal and external troubles it
can be described as being in a state of
turmoil and even in the depths of the
universe there may still be more
powerful threats but I will change all
that xia wanyuan suddenly laughed and
said just with you also want to change
all this luu lifted his tiny chest and
continued I am not yet strong if I am
strong there will be changes Janan
looked at luu's bright eyes as if he
wanted to see his determination in his
eyes luu didn't budge at all a pair of
glowing eyes unreservedly telling all
about himself you're still so confident
xia wanu onside he couldn't help but be
a little curious what makes you so
confident just based on the fact that he
was the Marshall Saints only son on the
basis of his current Talent the status
of a marshall Saints only son was indeed
honorable but to the
foreigners it was nothing at all his
talent is indeed awesome but a genius
who has not grown up is not really a
genius
Grandmaster Marshall King Marshall
Emperor the these three
hurdles one was harder than the other
not to mention the highest difficulty
level of Marshall Saints so in jaia when
yuan's opinion this confidence was
really
unwarranted in fact the source of luu's
confidence was simple because he's hang
you don't even have the confidence to
open up and you have the nerve to say
you're open chapter 60 let me help you
build this foundation for the ages
inside the silent 10,000 swords Pavilion
What followed after luu's grandiose
words was a deathly silence it turns out
that even for a person with luu's
identity even for a person with his
natural talent to want such a big person
as ja wan to be completely convinced
with just a few words is really a Fool's
errand after a light laugh jawanan
stopped paying attention to luu and
closed his eyes once again luu attempted
to speak again but received no response
he
frowned looking at his master not far
away and couldn't help but let out a
sigh sure enough he was still too young
and at this age no matter what words you
say or what promises you make people
will treat you as a joke in all
fairness those things that luu had said
even his old man Lu Chong xang a martial
arts Saint couldn't do them let alone
the fact that he was nothing more than a
tender child who hadn't grown up yet
jawanan could say a few words to him it
was already considered to give a
response and still wanting to give an
inch and want X wuan to be completely
convinced was really looking down on the
heroes of this world his master once
taught him how to use people in a
military course and one of the rules was
never look at what a person says but
what he does now what about the fact
that he hasn't done anything what's so
convincing about that after thinking
about this point Lu you no longer dwell
on it stood up and saluted turning
around and leaving the 10,000 swords
Pavilion since Master wants to be left
alone let's give him some time to think
alone anyway the side quest bringing
Master back to the human race had
already been completed
which meant that xiaan Yuan shouldn't
rebel against the human race again so he
could put his heart down a little after
luu had left he didn't know how much
time had passed until night fell and the
10,000 swords Pavilion was Pitch Black
before jaia wuan slowly opened his eyes
it seemed that he had finally figured
something out and the once cold and
Bleak eyes had become somewhat brighter
at this moment as if a drowning man had
grabbed the straw that saved his life
and once again there was a hint of
something called hope there may be a
future the human race perhaps there is a
future Xiao wuan muttered his emotions
suddenly becoming extraordinarily
excited as he couldn't help but throw
his head back and laugh
ha you said those words don't you dare
regret them I'll help you let me help
you build this foundation for the ages
Marshall Saints residence Yao Guang
Pavilion luu sat in the upper seat was
bragging about today's battle with the
crowd suddenly couldn't help but sneeze
strange and didn't think much about it
continued to talk the story had only
just begun how that false transformation
Clan had pretended to be a master how he
had tricked himself into coming out only
to be seen through by himself with a
single glance you guys don't know how
powerful the methods of this foreign
race called The False transformation
race are all along they've been a great
danger to our human race because we
don't have any kind of large- scale
detection means to pull out the Spy mole
of those
pseudoemulsion an extremely special race
in the Stars able to completely change
their form whether it's their
temperament or their breath or their
irises or their
fingerprints they are all exactly the
same the best of the best can't even be
separated from authenticity by DNA
testing the many kid Brothers listened
with their ears
sideways listening carefully to luu's
narration each with a very focused
expression
what luu said was not false the matter
of his attack today was a big deal
causing so many martial Kings and
martial Emperors to rush over to support
him but commotion wasn't small at all
and even they had heard about it a
little bit just not as much as luu had
said in such detail upon hearing about
the greatness of the false
transformation Fay each one of them
widened their eyes and became even more
focused at this time some one couldn't
help but open his mouth to inquire since
the disguise of this false
transformation F can be described as
seamless how did you see his
breakthrough Big Brother this Q can be
very timely when you Guan Chang who was
on the side heard this he immediately
widened his eyes and glanced at the
child who was not far away thinking to
himself why are you still stealing my
lines this is clearly what I was going
to say say luu glanced at the man who
spoke nodded and said Chen Lords that's
a good question Chen Lord who was named
was surprised on his fat little face he
hadn't really thought that his big
brother would be able to remember his
name Lu you
continued how did I see his
flaws obviously the looks the
temperament and even the smallest habits
of movement are all exactly the same and
although I can't tell where it's wrong I
just feel that something is wrong that's
a wonderful feeling maybe this is the
innate sixth sense of a martial artist
of course there was another possibility
that L you didn't mention which he
reacted to as an
afterthought and that hunch could be the
effect of the pichan
luckstone this treasure has the effect
of turning Misfortune into Good Fortune
as well as calming the house
warding off evil spirits opening the
door for good luck and attracting wealth
and treasures at its root it can
increase the Chuck of the person who
wears it this made it easy for luu to
turn the danger into a victory he didn't
give it much thought as he
continued after I felt that something
was wrong I just went ahead and did it
maneuver the S-Class ship and attack the
other party as expected
this attack revealed the opposite side
my master is a peak Marshall Emperor
even if he was attacked head-on by a
high energy particle Cannon he wouldn't
be harmed but not this impostor who got
his ass kicked by me right then and
there the strength of this impostor is
actually not that bad at least the peak
of a
grandmas or maybe even a quasi Marshall
king without an S-Class ship I really
don't have any way to take him that
impostor struggled to open his domain
unfortunately he is no match for me Dash
the next course of the battle in fact is
with the value of the Polaris simply
crushed but luu said very much more
wonderful perhaps professional people
hear the problem at first hearing but
bluffing these half-grown children but
there is no problem the crowd was
mesmerized
completely immersed in the story of luu
and when the story was over a group of
children could be described as a face of
worship completely conquered by luu
their big brother he really is amazing
intelligent and
courageous
decisive obviously so small but with
such a rich sense of combat on the side
yug Guan Ching fearing that he would be
robbed of his lines hurridly said it's
really worthy of being a big brother to
be able to kill a peak seventh realm
Foreigner at such a young age what's
going to happen in the future those
eighth realm foreign races and Ninth
realm foreign races when they see big
brother won't it be the same as seeing a
marshall Saint no in the future Big
Brother's achievement will definitely be
above the martiall saint
this is called the Blue is better than
the blue this horse's ass is slightly
too raw and not moist enough yuguan
Ching's ass kissing skills are still not
in place progress to be made but that
was normal he was still young after all
and knowing how to brag was already a
stretch feeling the adoring gazes of a
group of young kids luu stood up raised
the wine glass filled with juice looked
around at the crowd and said
seriously to me this is nothing at all
but I hope that in the future you guys
will be able to do the same today's
diaa as well as the entire human
Community can be described as stormy
it's not too much to say that it's in
danger just waiting for us to grow up in
the future we will help the building to
fall and save the world
like me become great Heroes who save the
world when one little kid heard this he
was a bit excited and all of them were
immersed in a marvelous atmosphere of
doing great things together in the
future the power of example and
infection is infinite originally this
group of second generation
ancestors it is impossible to have such
a great ambition since following the S
side of luu such words have been said
more than once or twice
gradually
remembered gradually
infected gradually more and more a great
goal even though they don't know how to
do it yet or what that would really mean
it doesn't stop in their minds one more
seat of becoming a hero just waiting to
take root and Sprout later chapter 61
the object of the mission took the
initiative to send it to the door stage
four Quest recognition of 100
companions obtaining a top quality
Heavenly and Earthly Wonder current
progress 81 out of 100 progress has
increased again and we are only 19
people away from completion with more
than half the time remaining should be
done Lou you wasn't sure after all with
this kind of quest the further back you
go the slower the progress becomes if it
was stuck at 99 out of 100 luu's mind
would collapse despite having completed
the first three stages of the quest the
fourth stage of the quest rewards was
the main event absolute Heaven and Earth
wonders it's unimaginable what kind of
goodies will be available the mid-grade
Heaven and Earth Treasure alone the
pishy luck suppression Stone had helped
you to easily turn danger into safety in
times of Crisis
previously he was still thinking that
his current age was too young even if he
brushed more rewards and gathered more
wool he could only use it when he grew
up but this attack directly changed
luu's view such Treasures are plentiful
luu took another look at the main quest
at this stage please try to reconnect
with her after 22 years of absence
Mission reward R dust sword technique
the task is simple and can be easily
accomplished by knowing who the other
person is but only if you know who it is
luu turned his head to look at yaning
next to him and opened his mouth to ask
have you completed the task I gave you
this morning when yug guing heard this a
look of Shame appeared on his face it's
not finished yet but there's already
some progress when Lou you heard this he
smiled and said there's no need to rush
don't have too much pressure he could
see that yaning had tried his hardest to
do it and had not been lazy in groping
for fish nor had he failed to take his
orders to heart and that was enough
after all it is still a child the
ability to do things a little worse is
also very normal this point can be
understood and those few little girls
since can be by you ya fans
family history certainly not bad want to
investigate must be a little difficult
yaning was worried about being scolded
but when he saw that luu not only didn't
scold himself but comforted himself
instead he was immediately moved and
quickly said just for these few days I
promised to complete the task luu smiled
and patted yunching shoulder I'm
optimistic about about you after the
banquet was over luu touched his stomach
since he had started
cultivating his meal size was obviously
much larger and from time to time he
would feel hungry it had been a good
while since I'd eaten a lot at this
party and had some juice and I was
actually feeling hungry again generally
speaking at this stage ordinary food is
already difficult to satisfy the body's
needs ordinary martial artists would
take CH and blood potions as a way to
replenish the nutrients their bodies
needed those with slightly better
families on the other hand will eat
foods that contain Chi and blood luu had
not eaten those before because he had
not yet
cultivated his body was too fragile and
overs supplementation would not only not
be beneficial but would cause all sorts
of problems in his body he's clearly
stepped into it now this was something
that bayu ya obviously hadn't considered
it wasn't that it was
negligent but normally it takes a long
time of cultivation before one steps
into the stage of needing food
supplements in other families children
start practicing from the age of 3 weeks
and usually don't need special dietary
supplements until they are five or 6
years old even for those who are gifted
and talented it is only at the age of
for that they begin to take dietary
supplements however L you from the
beginning of cultivation to now full of
not even a few days actually need
dietary
supplements it is really too fast cannot
think of normal thinking like this luu
took out a lollipop from his pocket tore
off the wrapping and stuffed it into his
mouth using the sugar to fight off his
hunger a little bit before he went to
find by yuyo and told her about this
matter without walking for long luu saw
a little guy with crocheted hair
probably about luu's age maybe slightly
older than him at the moment looking
around carefully observing the
surroundings giving off a sense of
stealing that was very heavy Lu walked
over and gently patted this little guy's
shoulder ouch the little guy was
startled and turned around violently
his body was unsteady and he directly
sat on the ground in a butt Crouch Lou
you only then saw her appearance the
little one actually looks more delicate
than a doll pink little face dark and
deep big eyes at this moment lifting his
head to look at luu eyes flashing with
curious eyes what's your name who is
your family why are you here although
the little guy was cute Lou you didn't
care as he asked
nonchalantly I don't know whether it was
because his but hurt from falling or his
tone was too Fierce this little guy was
just looking at luu with interest but at
this moment he even wrinkled his nose
and opened his mouth to cry out oh wow
opening his mouth to cry which seemed to
be a special ability of children and not
yet any fake crying tears rolled down
like beans
as if he had really encountered
something extremely sad seeing the
little guy crying like this Lu you
opened his mouth and his face was filled
with dismay no what are you crying for
I'm just casually
inquiring making it sound like what's
wrong with you that's a lot of crying
those children L you dealt with were
basically much older than him and had
never really encountered such an
unreasonable one who cried like this as
soon as he came up I'm not being mean
don't cry oh shut up no crying wo
listening to the little one's cries luu
inexplicably panicked a little and in a
hurry he took the lollipop off his mouth
and stuffed it directly into the little
one's mouth the little one who tasted
the sweetness who was crying
uncontrollably one second surprisingly
stopped crying directly the next second
as if it was raining it's amazing how
quickly the face changes she shivered
her lollipop and looked at luu with big
watery eyes my name is luu what is your
name luu was afraid of this guy his tone
was like coaxing a child softer than
just a little bit Riverside snow the
little girl spoke with some crying in
her voice luu felt that this name is a a
little familiar a little thought will
come to mind this is not the mom said
that one of the girls just then the
system suddenly appeared with a prompt
reestablish contact with him mission
accomplished Mission reward Red Dust
sword technique has been issued luu
blinked his eyes in some
surprise it's not this is too sudden
that's done origin
I was thinking that I might have been
counted by this system causing the main
quest to get stuck directly but I didn't
expect it to be completed so quickly and
it's still the subject of the mission
who's coming forward off the charts luu
glanced at the system prompt and then
glanced at the little girl with interest
was this the fiance who had been waiting
for him for 22 years in the future
chapter 62 let me bully a child seems to
feel luu survey just cried with pearly
blossoms with rain of jangi and snow at
this moment even revealed a pleased
smile even also he he he giggling L youu
this guy he's not going to be a cutie
right come to think of it waiting for
yourself for 22 years in the future
isn't stupid enough as a result in the
next second Lou you realized that that
she wasn't a little cutie the reason for
the smile was because it came to rely on
the mountain Lu you realized something
and hurriedly turned his head he saw
bayyo looking at himself with a serious
face and next to her was a stunningly
beautiful looking woman then jangan was
like seeing a savior and hurriedly ran
over grasping the corner of that
absolutely beautiful woman's clothes and
hiding behind her only revealing a head
to look at luu as if he had just done
something 10 times as bad seeing the
situation luu wiped his feet and was
just about to bolt only to be grabbed
back by by yuyo as soon as he could how
did you make someone Cry by yuyo asked
with furrowed brows I don't know why I
just asked her what her name was and she
cried Lu youu hurriedly spoke you think
I'm a cutie pie when you ask people
their names and they cry
by youu Yao asked with some
amusement really luu said
hurriedly ask her if you don't believe
me BYU ya turned her head to look at
Jiang bangu and asked did he bully you
when Jiang Banger heard this she first
nodded and then shook her head he didn't
do it on purpose it was me who was
startled I accidentally fell I told you
I even gave her her my candy L you
perked up that's because I misunderstood
you bayu ya turned her head to look at
luu and her tone slightly eased up
before introducing
luu however luu has long known that the
identity of this Jiang bangu even as she
is invited to the residence of the
Marshall Saint at the moment it is
estimated that by yuyo mve the idea so
that the two families of children to get
to know each other in advance but anyway
it's a little too early isn't it oh my
mother why are you in more of a hurry
than I am luu glanced at by yuyo with
complicated eyes this look made by Yu ya
feel a little funny she rubbed luu's
Head Hard what kind of look are you
giving right Mom I feel like I'm a bit
underfed lately Lu you remembered
something and H told by yuo about it
can't get enough to eat you mean by yuo
froze for a moment and quickly
reacted understanding what luu is
talking about well ever since I started
practicing
cultivation my stomach gets hungry very
quickly and at first I was able to
alleviate it by eating more but lately
I've had this feeling that eating
ordinary meals doesn't seem to be able
to alleviate my Hunger anymore luu
nodded and spoke hearing this not only
was bayu ya surprised even the beautiful
woman next to her was also
surprised the only one who still didn't
understand what this meant was Jang
bangu let me take a look bayu ya grabbed
luu's arm and released her spiritual
power feeling it
carefully why can't you get enough to
eat is this sick Jang D shu
who was looking at her own mom asked
with some
curiosity the beautiful woman replied
gently it's not that he's sick but that
he has begun to
cultivate that's why he feels
underfed an ordinary food can't satisfy
his body's needs then why don't I have
this feeling giang bangu asked
strangely I've recently started
practicing as well this the beautiful
woman frowned
some do not know what to say cannot say
that he is a genius among
Geniuses how can you compare this kind
of words after thinking for half a day
the beautiful woman spoke he's more
special oh the little girl was also
simple and didn't think much about it
nodding her head and continuing to look
at luu after a long time the look on by
Yu Ya's face can be described as both
both shocked and happy happy is luu's
rapid progress shocked is likewise the
progress is too fast this is only a few
days of
cultivation it's only been a few days
since he practiced and he's already at
this level Mom how's it going Lu you
looked up and asked although I don't
know much about the sword in martial
arts way your current stage of physical
strength is already almost considered to
be in the middle of the first Realm
so it's normal to feel like eating
doesn't quench your hunger Bay yuyo
slowly said only in the middle of the
first realm this was luu's first
reaction and without much thought he
blurted It Out by Yu ya couldn't help
but say what do you mean only in the
middle of the first realm you've only
been practicing for a few days this is
already at the middle of the first realm
to be honest I didn't even expect you to
progress so quickly before I was
negligent in your nutrition all right Lu
you nodded to be honest he wasn't
surprised by this rate of progress with
the Dao embryo Dan and the dragon tiger
golden Dan coupled with the sword poool
on the master side cultivating so
painstakingly for a few days before
reaching the middle stage of the first
realm wasn't really fast after all it
was was only a
precultivation and the difficulty was
already low this is not a fast pass it
only means that the Hang is not big
enough not enough strength it also needs
to be
increased just as luu was thinking this
a system prompt suddenly appeared before
his eyes seeing the panels prompt luu's
face couldn't help but look a little odd
this is really speak of the devil speak
of the the devil this system is too
factious on the system panel text slowly
emerged you have managed to establish
contact with her whom you have not seen
for 22 years but you know deep down that
you owe her too much to make up for in
just a few words after so many years of
not seeing her her face is still so cold
and beautiful it's as if the years
haven't left half a trace on her body
luu looked at the words in front of him
and then glanced at ride snow because
she had just cried there was some snot
sucked it in felt a little
uncomfortable so she wiped it with the
skirt of the beautiful woman next to her
the beautiful woman immediately
exploded and couldn't help but pinch the
cheeks of this mischievous little girl L
youu cold and beautiful although he knew
that the system was 40 years ahead of
schedule the contrast
it was too great to resist laughing the
text was still floating on the system
panel you looked at him the guilt in
your heart
overflowing but she didn't seem to care
she explained to you a bit so that you
don't make a fool out of yourself these
22 years she wasn't waiting for you she
just didn't want to talk about marriage
so she used you as a front and then
focused on cultiv
she told you not to feel guilty and not
to take this to heart and you seem to
agree with that and let go a little it's
at this point that you suddenly react to
the question of why if she really didn't
care she could say these 22 years off
the top of her head you vaguely realize
that it's not that simple you know that
she specializes in martial arts next
please challenge her and prove that you
are no longer the Scrapper you once were
please defeat her with honor convince
her Mission reward Red Dust sword heart
not buddy what the hell kind of mission
is this making me bully kids chapter 63
how can a martial artists thing be
called a fight to be honest this mission
was a bit different from what was
expected luu had thought that the system
Mission might be to get Jang bi anu's
forgiveness get her to accept herself
or even complete a date with her or
something like that after all it's a
Dove's 22-year
engagement and the tasks associated with
her should follow that direction who
knew that the system really didn't
follow the rules at all and even asked
him to have a proper duel with Jiang
bangu and even beat her to a pulp pinch
of numbness luu had a mouthful of old
blood but couldn't spit it out because
he knew that it wasn't the system
fault this system releases tasks
according to the standards of 40 years
later after 40 years meeting with Jiang
bangu again and meeting friends with
martial arts which was supposed to be
the basic operation of a martial artist
couldn't be more normal if luu could
defeat her in a dignified manner it
would naturally convince her and the
otherwise Frosty relationship would ease
only it's 40 years ago giang bangu is
still a little kid who can't move
without crying she can even scare her to
tears and she still needs to do it
Mom yeah luu had good reason to doubt
that if he really laid his hands on him
mom would just whip his ass this what to
do with this bite the bullet I'll take
the blame for being bitter about the
snow on the river the thing thing to
realize is that this is the main quest
if it's a side quest it could be put off
for a while but this was the main quest
so there was no way around it and if you
didn't complete it the quest progress
would be stuck L was originally worried
that there was no way to find the girl
who had waited for him for 22 years but
as a result now that he had just found
it he had to get on and beat it up and
to be honest he was a little
embarrassed by the way he hadn't taken a
close look at the rewards from the last
mission L you thought like this and
scanned the details on the system panel
Red Dust sword technique rank seventh
quality perfect type battle technique
effects a sword technique that can
affect the opponent's emotions and after
practicing it to the highest level it
can drag the opponent into its own
fantasy world and then kill the opponent
silently description it is rumored to be
from the hands of the ancient Red Dust
sword Immortal only the great is not too
high so the authenticity is doubtful but
it is undeniable that this sword skill
is very good even beginners can learn
and use it and it is one of the few
high-grade moves that can be used even
in low Realms so it may be used as a
gift to pass on to Future
Generations the red dust sword technique
Red Dust sword technique
introductory looking at the detailed
text on the panel luu could clearly feel
that he had initially grasped the true
meaning of this red dust sword technique
but
unfortunately it was only an
introduction and it still needed luu to
slowly familiarize himself with it and
gradually Master it before he could step
by- step move towards his great success
needless to say the reward is slightly
crotch pulling since it's all on
wouldn't it be better to just pull it
full but on second thought it was normal
after all the difficulty of this mission
was very low it only needed to
reestablish contact with Jiang bangu
even if the mission was completed such a
simple Mission it was impossible to have
too high a reward the second Quest is
also a bit interesting defeat giang
banga gives you access to Red Dust sword
heart Red Dust sword heart from the
sound of the name alone it seemed to
have some connection to the red dust
sword technique that was rewarded in the
previous Quest perhaps after retaining
the red dust sword heart the red dust
sword technique would go from
introductory to Grand
completion it has to be said it's quite
possible because this task if placed 40
years later could not be less difficult
Jiang bangu had devoted herself to
martial arts for so many years her
strength was definitely not to be
underestimated even though luu had
surged forward in a short period of time
it was ultimately too short of period of
time and too much time had been wasted
earlier 40 years later this Riverside
snow was definitely a formidable enemy
trying to beat her squarely is difficult
but alas this is not 40 years later Lu
you thought like this and then looked at
this shivering lollipop little girl the
sugar seemed to have finished she bit
the stick just in time to feel luu's
scrutinizing gaze keenly aware of the
danger and hastily hid behind the
beautiful woman luu grinned this little
girl her sense of smell was quite sharp
but is that all it takes to escape my
clutches
not at
all luu's heart let out an evil laugh
but his face was full of Innocence as he
glanced at bayu Yao and then at the
beautiful woman and opened his mouth to
ask Mom Auntie can I take her to play
saying so Lu you pointed at the snow by
the river hearing luu say this that
beautiful woman's face immediately
showed a smile
hastily grabbed Jiang bangu behind her
and Tenderly said to her and LU you to
take you to play it he has a lot of toys
oh go over there little children were
still very naive and when Jiang Banger
heard this she hesitated for a moment
but still walked over let's go luu said
with a smile well the little girl nodded
though she was a little wary how old are
you luu asked casually four years old
Riverside snow spoke slightly older than
me ah but even so you have to call me
brother you hear me luu opened his mouth
why shouldn't it be the younger brother
Jang banw stared with white eyes and
there seemed to be some Defiance in her
eyes
because it can't be according to age luu
explained not to mention you even those
children who are five or six seven or
eight or even around 10 years old all
have to call me Big Brother really Jang
bianu asked with some surprise when she
heard this that must be true have you
ever heard of the great summer hero
Circle Lou you asked seems like I've
heard of it before Jiang bangu obviously
had some impression I'm the ring leader
of this circle they all have to call me
brother and you can't be an exception Lu
you said
seriously
otherwise it will be a mess the minority
obeys the majority do you know okay
giang bangu was
persuaded have you started practicing
martial arts Lu you ly changed the topic
and the figure was gone started
practicing martial arts Jang bangu
answered honestly how's the progress my
teacher at home says it's okay and
Praises me for being a genius e he he so
powerful I've also recently started
practicing martial arts I've only been
practicing for a few days I've been
practicing for a month or two then you
should be good
right that's natural why don't we cut a
deal well
no why mom said no fighting it's called
sparring meeting friends with martial
arts martial arts thing how can you call
it fighting like this that's natural
does that mean you're scared you've been
practicing for more than a month and
you're still afraid that you can't beat
me for just a few days Lou you
deliberately you asked this it was just
a simple agitation that once again had
an effect the little girl's eyes widened
and she looked at luu
unconvincingly of course I'm Not Afraid
just don't let me beat you to tears and
then find my mom to complain chapter 64
cutting and pointing of course I'm not
going to sue but since you said so if
you lose later you're not allowed to Sue
either how about it luu revealed a smile
of Triumph in his plan and asked this at
this moment Jang biang should vaguely
feel we're not right is not said to come
over to play how to chat chatting began
to cut the
competition however she had been
practicing martial arts for a month or
two and even her teacher praised her for
being a genius and making very fast
progress so she shouldn't lose to Liu
right Not only was luu younger than
himself he had only been practicing
martial arts for a few days a month or
two versus a few days four years old
versus 3 years old the advantage is mine
I won't Sue either Jiang bangu nodded
and agreed readily hearing this luu
smiled and nodded although it was a bit
of a suspicion of bullying a child but
there was no way around it who let this
be a task of the system it could only be
accomplished as much as possible that
was never my intention come on luu waved
his hand and his footsteps quickened a
bit good Jung deua followed luu and
arrived at his room in a short while
standing on the soft mat the duo
officially began to slice in dice at
this moment the Riverside of the snow
apparently not realize the seriousness
of the matter a small pose looks like a
decent but also really so worthy of the
name of Genius then luu used only one
move to take her down to the ground ha
because luu did not dare to use Force so
lying on the ground Jang
Banu did not feel the pain she just felt
a little bit
unbelievable their own this was knocked
down
again Riverside snow was clearly
unconvinced and climbed to his feet in
three or five but in no more than three
or five seconds it was on the ground
again I lost again Jang B Shu a who was
lying on the ground was somewhat unable
to accept this fact how did I lose so
quickly what is this she sat up in a
Flash and looked at luu in
disbelief why is it that every time I
don't see you make a move
I
lose why do I need to ask why because
the Gap is too big luu saw Jang bangu
still
unconvinced and did not see the task
completion tip I know the trouble the
thinking of children adults are
elusive the system requires is to make
her convinced if not convinced even if
the number of times to win cannot ah
couldn't
really beat this little girl violently
until she was
convinced right if he really did that
luu's ass would definitely suffer and it
wouldn't be an exaggeration to turn it
into four flaps because I'm awesome
aren't you convinced luu opened his
mouth and asked not convinced giang
biango stared she thought to herself I'm
a genius too how could this happen then
let me give you some
pointers attack over here I will only
defend and not make any moves let's see
if you can break my defense luu thought
about it and opened his mouth good
hearing these words Jang bangu once
again saw the Hope of Victory and
hurridly climbed up rearranged her
stance and attacked again luu is very
easy to Parry catch a moment of moves
cang bangu even did not realize the Gap
the heart cannot help but sigh this is
too slow No it should be too stubborn
the characteristic stubbornness of
children even if they hit the South Wall
they will not turn back they have to hit
their heads luu narrowed his eyes and
commented directly your punching is
unrefined Your Hooks are weak your foot
work is loose your reactions are slow
and none of your movements are decent
you still want to beat me with this what
kind of dream is that again again when
the stubborn Jang Banger heard this her
eyes rened a bit gritted her teeth and
attacked again punching Palm is too slow
the leg sweep is too Crooked Hands to
feet what did your teacher teach you you
have to move your hands and feet
together hands and steps are coordinated
to match only in this way can you
maximize your combat power and be more
agile in changing Styles and moves
racking fists and stomping bellies your
movements are too slow move your arms
and legs in unison lift your arms and
send your hips to generate Force reach
the outside of your arms and heels move
quickly and vigorously
follow your legs with force and focus on
your mind and
energy again being pointed out by luu in
such a top- down Manner and with
contempt Jang bangu eyes became even
redder tears were swirling in her eyes
and after a long time they still didn't
fall down she held them back raw Jiang
bangu gritted his teeth and killed again
but instead of racking the fists and
stomping the stomach he kicks the head
and slams the ears in the face of giang
bi anu's killing moves luu was
motionless easily defending himself
while continuing to point no no no how
many times have I said the hands and
feet should move in unison why can't you
do it too stupid
foolish listen carefully move your hands
and feet at the same time turn your
waist and hips to generate force and the
Force reaches the center of your palm
and the SS of your feet move quickly and
vigorously accurately and
powerfully and concentrate on your mind
energy and strength good that's more
like it another move attacked finally a
bit of a look Lu you smiled it seems
that you are not too stupid taught you
so many times finally know how to power
up and how to align your hands and feet
but the strength is too light haven't
you eaten Jang banua finally grasped
those tricks that luu had said and this
move was struck with more than double
the strength than before kicked over the
moment giang be Anu is still a little
worried about it if Wu you injured would
not be good even if he does not tell his
parents the injury can still be seen
only this guy's mouth is so poisonous
so he let him see their own power is
also good which no after kicking over
giang bangu directly
confused the feeling of this kick as if
kicking a piece of iron plate not only
failed to hurt the other party but also
feel that their own foot surface to be
shattered in general yes that hurts
Jiang bangu fell to the ground in pain
and the tears that were still welling up
came out at once
oh wow L you no still crying I didn't
even do it you kicked me can I be blamed
for the pain of the rebound there's no
way around it kids obviously don't make
sense luu squatted down and thought for
a moment don't cry if anyone bullies you
in the future you can report my name
hearing the these words Jang and's cries
were noticeably smaller seeing that this
move was useful Lu you
continued if the other party still dares
to bully you I'll personally step in and
help you get a statement back Jang
bian's tears gradually stopped as she
looked at luu really really luu
nodded good Riverside snow also nodded
but her feet seemed to be injured and
she still couldn't help but cover her
feet at the moment let me see luu saw
this scene and said so then took off his
shoes in three tries and sure enough he
was injured luu reached out and pinched
his foot the pain was so intense that
Jang ban couldn't help but scream out
and almost cried once again
fortunately the bones are not broken luu
opened his mouth and said
it's just a small injury I'll give you a
rub of medicine it'll be fine soon I
just happen to have medicine on my side
good Jang biang Shu With Tears In Her
Eyes agreed again chapter 65 Red Dust
sword heart Liu grasped jangi and's
small paw that resembled a white Jade
carving and gently rubbed the ointment
the cheeks of jangan who was grasped by
her feet were slightly red red seemingly
a bit shy she subconsciously Drew away
from her paws but couldn't pull them out
don't move luu said without lifting his
head oh Jang bian's voice was small but
she really didn't move anymore allowing
luu to rub the medicine on herself as
the ointment was spread evenly the
slightest bit of coolness came through
and the pain was definitely much less
severe
giang bi Ana said with some surprise it
doesn't hurt anymore this ointment is
very useful ah of course it works luu
said as a matter of course previously
every time he was beaten and his ass
Blossom so many times he relied on this
ointment to recover quickly otherwise
it's really hard to live this life
jangan looked at luu who was applying
medicine to himself and couldn't help
but open her mouth to ask obviously
you're younger than me why are you so
powerful luu laughed and said that's of
course because I'm open opened up what
do you mean Jang bangu tilted her head
in some confusion it means I'm the
genius of geniuses born
extraordinary naturally very powerful
luu said after some thought that's right
hearing this jangan schw suddenly
figured out something no wonder so many
people call you big brother so it's
because you're so powerful that's why
they call you big brother yes in fact in
the beginning they didn't know that I
was so powerful only because of my
status as the son of the Marshall saint
but later they realized that I was very
powerful and they sincerely called me
Big Brother luu casually said as the
ointment finished rubbing he put his paw
down it will recover after a while this
medicine is very effective aha Jang bian
schwen nodded and the Gaze that looked
at luu again already carried some
adoration in it at the same time the
system's Quest prompt appeared this task
of violently beating up kids is finally
sort of done when luu saw this he
couldn't help but let out a sigh of
relief and hurriedly looked over you
managed to defeat Edge snow and convince
her mission
accomplished the reward Red Dust sword
heart has been issued it was basically
the same as what luu had guessed the red
dust sword heart and the red dust sword
technique of this Quest reward couldn't
be dissociated from each other the two
are closely related in that instant Lou
you had a
realization what's the red dust the
world the mundane World bustling with
the lives of Ordinary People a picture
flashed before his eyes as the saying
goes Small hidden in the wild big hidden
in the city the creator of this sword
skill hidden in this mundane world of
red dust living the most ordinary life
and the Ordinary People is busy as the
sun rises the sun sets and rests and the
cycle repeats itself and so and I don't
know how long it took he finally had an
epiphany like the title letter on the
chintang River today I realize that I am
me this day he finally understood what
red dust was what life was what people
were returning to the basic is a big
trick from this the red dust sword heart
was born with this red dust sword heart
he pioneered the red dust sword
technique and since then he gradually
broke out into a great Fame and was
called red dust sword Immortal so this
red dust sword technique was really
created by the red dust sword Immortal
but it was created when he wasn't that
strong luu couldn't help but think so as
he felt all of this
what's a fairy the mountain man is an
immortal traveling among the green
clouds stay away from the world of red
dust and
mundanity do not get involved in right
and wrong cause and effect and do not
ask about the Affairs of the world but
this is obviously not what luu is
pursuing he is the son of the Marshall
Saint the burden and responsibility on
his body does not allow him to escape
like this therefore the red dust sword
Immortals Red Dust sword heart was quite
suitable for him again this is a path
that suits him luu could clearly feel
that with the appearance of this red
dust sword heart the strength of his
spiritual power had obviously increased
by more than a little bit luu couldn't
say what this red dust sword heart
actually belonged to like a sense of
Enlightenment or is it like a tost heart
it seems to be not the same in any case
after having this red dust sword heart
luu will then comprehend the red dust
sword skill and it will be a matter of
pushing the boat into the water the
system did not directly feed the red
dust sword technique like a duck to L
you forcing the proficiency of the red
dust sword technique to a great success
but gave the tracebility to give him
this sword heart that senses the red
dust there's no doubt about it it's n
this was because even even if one
cultivated the red dust sword skill to a
high level one might not be able to
comprehend the red dust sword heart
however after possessing the red dust
sword heart cultivating the red dust
sword technique to a high level was
nearly a matter of time now what's wrong
with you jangan couldn't help but ask
when she saw luu dazed she didn't know
if it was an illusion or what but she
felt as if luu was a bit different but
nothing seemed to have changed when Lu
you heard this he raised his head and
glanced at Jiang bangu and said with a
smile it's fine I was just thinking
about things by the way I have a lot of
toys over here do you want to play play
when jangan schw heard this her eyes lit
up and she nodded in the corner of luu's
room a variety of toys like a small
Mountain pile up after all the family
conditions are placed here by yuyo is
even more unconditional favor to L you
what you want to buy a lot of toys are
only played once or even once did not
play just throw it there wow you have so
many toys Edge snow who saw this scene
widened her eyes that's so nice don't
you have a any toys L you asked I also
have toys but very few my mom refuses to
buy me toys and so does my dad giang bi
Ana said this her mood was a little low
inexplicably a little
inferior as if not having toys this
matter makes her lose face then take a
look if there's anything you want just
take it directly l you said very
generously these toys were already too
childish for him anyway really as if she
had heard something incredible giang
bangu asked with white eyes are you
really willing to give it to me aha luu
nodded thank you Jang banw was very very
touched and said she had initially
regarded luu as a bad guy but she didn't
expect him to be so generous that he
would even give for his own toys it's
amazing that there are such nice people
in this world giang bangu immediately
played happily and so on when leaving
giang bangu is not polite hands full of
toys arm also clamped three or four toys
face smile extraordinarily bright the
beautiful woman asked her to return the
toy but she said with Vigor this was
given to me by Brother luu the Beautiful
woman felt a little
amused then asked he's younger than you
why do you call him brother it has
nothing to do with age giang banga
thought about it and said
seriously because he's more powerful
hearing this the beautiful woman
couldn't help but look at bayu Ya Face
to Face chapter 66 a new main quest
unconsciously the night was already late
the the little girl and her mother went
home and
luu after washing up also laid down on
the bed pondering over the events of
today that's a lot of things going on
throughout the day after all this time I
wonder if master has calmed down yet the
ability of that false transformation
race was indeed
formidable and if it was placed in an
unusual time it would really make people
defenseless but when he grows up that
little trick won't be a threat as for
the little girl Jang bangu although she
was quite cute luu had no interest in
her after all her age was just too young
and too small and he was not a pervert
the systems Mainline quest which ended
here for the time being did not
immediately issue a new Quest I guess
the system didn't expect him to defeat
Jang bangu so so quickly what do you
think of Jiang
bangu at this time bayu Yao suddenly
asked hearing this question Lua snapped
back from his thoughts and said with a
speechless face mom you're in too much
of a hurry you didn't bring this up BYU
ya smiled and said
shy that's right if you weren't
interested in her you wouldn't have
given her a gift
although she's quite cute she's just too
small luu said little she's still a year
older than you by yuyo was somewhat
speechless that's too small luu insisted
on his opinion so how big is big enough
for you to like it by Yu ya asked with
some
amusement well I think her mom is just
fine Lu you thought of that voluptuous
and moving beautiful woman who seemed
like a fruit that had been completely
ripe delicate and green and hooked
people's heartstrings between the
knitted brows and the Smile by yuyo she
felt her hand itching a bit this brat
didn't have a single decent word not to
beat him up was really sorry for his
words Lu you was shocked to realize that
something was wrong and hastily raised
his head I'm just kidding H kidding
right I see you want to get beaten up by
yuyo rubbed her fists Lu you a carp get
up to run suddenly a cold back Dodge a
Dodge manag to escape a grab but still
cannot Escape by yuya's Five Finger
Mountain directly will be
suppressed very humiliating to be picked
up like picking up chickens like by yuyo
was a bit surprised
even though she didn't take it seriously
but no matter what she was a
grandm even if it was just a casual grab
it wasn't comparable to luu a tiny
MidFirst realm but as soon as she
started to reach out he dodged in
advance and then dodged away was this a
coincidence or was it
prejudged starting to cultivate your
skills have isn't quite a bit by Yu ya
smiled and asked I grabbed you and you
even know how to hide how can one not
hide from a great Calamity luu said
helplessly it's fine if I don't hit you
I'll make a move and you dodge it again
if you can dodge it again I won't hit
you BYU ya thought about it and opened
her mouth she wanted to verify it with
this you are a grandm
I am only in the middle of the first
realm is there any mistake luu was a bit
stunned thinking that if he wanted to
fight he should just fight directly why
did he start molesting him I'll
naturally suppress my cultivation and
won't take it seriously yet don't worry
by yuyo smiled seeing that his mom
seemed to be serious luu was a bit
surprised and nodded all right then
bayu ya set luu down and gave him some
more time to get ready before she opened
her mouth and asked are you done luu
didn't say anything either and nodded
with a serious
expression good I'm coming bayu ya took
a step forward and rushed her Palm with
one hand just a palm Swift as Thunder
powerful like a landslide Lu you could
clearly feel a sense of powerlessness
arise from the bottom of his heart when
he faced this Palm as if no matter how
to avoid doomed to be hit by a palm it
would be better to just give up the
struggle and come to a
relief this is potential this is still
the first time Lou you saw the old mom
out did not think just a casual Palm can
be so powerful this is the Great Master
or in the case of suppression of
cultivation not
seriously yes
a strong person who could cultivate to
The Grandmaster realm would not be easy
to deal with
previously luu had piloted an S-Class
Airship and blasted a great Master
head-on but only by virtue of the
airships Advantage if he really wanted
to fight head-on he would have died
10,000 times over many thoughts flashed
by and luu's body did not stop the
momentum though powerful didn't knock
him out completely
and in that 100th of a second instant he
predicted the direction of the attack
extreme dodging and dodging and narrowly
almost got hit this poem fell short by
Yu Ya's eyes lit up that Dodge just now
was really not a
coincidence bayu ya smiled and said not
bad not bad you really dodged it l youu
but not complacent he knew that the old
mom let go of water and also more than
let go of a little bit of half a point
almost a sea of water Lu you said
rightfully you didn't change your stance
nor did you pursue you even withdrew
your force and pressed your realm isn't
it normal for me to dodge bayu yya was
somewhat speechless for a moment as she
listened to his words that were taken
for granted this little guy there are
times when he is wildly out of bounds
and there are times when he seems to be
overly underestimating himself does he
really think that this palm of his can
just be dodged even if he released the
sea but that Palm is not a fake not to
mention the first realm even if the
second realm or Third Realm martial
artists they may not be able to avoid it
however it was a good thing to have high
expectations of oneself by yuya didn't
argue this point as she smiled and said
now that you know the Gap it's even more
important for you to cultivate well aha
luu nodded
vigorously Bay yuyo touched luu's head
but in her heart she couldn't help but
feel emotional how long has it been it
feels like he's grown up some more since
the age becomes older always feel that
time flies faster and faster obviously
not long ago he is still so little big
hold in the hand are afraid of melting
the result of a turn of the eye can talk
and walk and then a turn of the eye are
beginning to cultivate but at a young
age he has the ambition of the clouds
for a moment bayu ya didn't know whether
to expect him to grow up slower or
faster
luu on the other hand
frowned but was thinking about tomorrow
's cultivation plan today because of the
raid delayed the cultivation process did
not soak in the sword pool just in his
own home
cultivation so the progress is slightly
slower I'll have to soak it in a little
longer tomorrow make up for the missing
bit of
nutrition in fact luu's home has a
similar nutrient pool but it just
doesn't match and doesn't work as well
the sword pool on Master side was built
specifically for the sword in martial
arts path so it was naturally different
just as luu was pondering all this a
prompt suddenly appeared in his mind
Mission coming up luu was delighted in
his heart and hurriedly looked carefully
in the light screen in front of him a
line of text then slowly emerged after
you fought with her whom you haven't
seen for 22 years you managed to defeat
her and convince her
which made her change her mind about you
but just this is not enough as the son
of the Marshall Saint your reputation
can't be confined within the human race
alone and more
importantly you must let the thousands
of foreign races hear your name and make
them tremble for it please go to the
battlefield to fight go deep into the
secret realm to intrude and suppress
thousands of alien Geniuses with your
natural talent and gain 1 billion points
of reputation among their
communities Mission reward taiu
defective method pill not this
Conquering the Sands breaking into the
secret realm and suppressing thousands
of foreign
Geniuses me L you couldn't help but
point at himself his tiny face filled
with dismay pinch of mama mama what the
hell is this system mission
what's going on here the long single
camera coding is finally over and we
have our debut it wasn't easy
tears welcome all readers greatly read
the book the current stage stable three
times a day basically will be released
at the same time convenient for everyone
to read if you want the author to add
more send a gift or something don't ask
to break the bank a free one for love
will do if there are more gifts the
author will increase the number of gifts
let's do it together chapter 67 building
an unparalleled achievement and
establishing the reputation of our human
race is a great one it was no
exaggeration to say that after seeing
the text on the panel in front of him
luu opened his mouth in dismay and for a
moment even his breathing stopped he
couldn't even believe his eyes a little
obviously the difficulty of this mission
was simply too high and it was simply
not something that L you could
accomplish at this stage you're asking
me to do this as a
three-year-old going to war on the Sands
go deep into the secret realm shocking
thousands of alien races with your great
talent What's the difference between
that and letting penumbra go and get rid
of the Tang priests master and disciples
luu was still a bit happy when the party
Mission appeared the result was that
before he was happy for a few seconds
his eyes went black luu was wondering if
it was this little cutie the system with
hindsight finally realized something was
wrong is that why they gave such a
difficult
task however on second thought if it was
for himself 40 years later this task was
not really an exaggeration
after all he had gotten so many system
rewards that he was already truly
transformed although the conquest of the
Sands and the intrusion of the secret
realm is extremely dangerous and the
slightest carelessness will lead to the
death of the body and The Disappearance
of The Da but the true martial arts
Powerhouse has never been killed from a
mountain of corpses and a sea of blood
and even those with the strongest
natural Talent have to face countless
hardships and dangers to finally grind
it out as the saying goes
when you know there's a tiger on the
mountain you're going to the Tiger's
Mountain if you don't even have that
kind of guts how can you become a
top-notch
Powerhouse so as difficult as this task
is there's really nothing wrong with it
when you think about it only the task
for his current self was clearly a bit
over the top he couldn't help but let
out a sigh before glancing at the quest
reward being so intimidated by this
Quest that it caused his attention to
not focus on the reward Mission reward
tyu defra of method pill seeing this
reward luu raised his eyebrows the name
of this thing alone tells you it's
extraordinary an absolute Treasure of
treasures nah the difficulty of this
mission is just too high what's to be
done about this if you can't finish this
main quest then there's no way to do a
new main quest
afterwards does that mean it's going to
get stuck here and that's annoying what
should be broken thinking about what
when by Yu ya saw luu with his head
lowered and somewhat depressed she
couldn't help but be a little curious as
to what was going through his tiny head
luu froze and raised his head to look at
his mom bayu ya was standing in front of
him looking at him with a gentle face
luu didn't know how to explain it it for
a while if he said it outright to go to
the
battlefield to go to the secret realm
and to shock thousands of foreigners mom
would either think he was joking or that
he was crazy he was really too young now
far from growing up and venturing to
those places surrounded by strong
enemies was either joking with his own
life or joking with the lives of others
at that time among those foreign races
the press would not circulate his mighty
name but would find him
ridiculous it was after thinking about
this point that luu clearly knew that
this could not be said to his old mom
and by Yu ya saluu didn't say anything
she didn't urge him but smiled faintly
rubbed his hair and said Softly You're
good enough now don't put too much
pressure on yourself you have to
remember I'll always stand behind you
and there's also your dad so don't feel
like you're not trying hard enough hard
not strong enough or anything you've
already worked hard enough and compared
to Geniuses of the same age you're
pretty strong too aren't you hearing
this luu froze and subconsciously nodded
by yuyo
continued if you want to become a top
martial artist Talent is important hard
work is
important family lineage is equally
important and on top of that you need to
have a big calm heart that is not in a
hurry is not shocked by Honor or
disgrace and is able to face all
problems calmly you're not lacking in
Talent now and you're working hard and
your family is
unrivaled and you're lacking in almost
nothing but that Big Calm heart
of course you're still young you can't
calm down that's normal I'm just
explaining this to you I hope you won't
be in such a hurry to become stronger
this needs to be accumulated bit by bit
wanting to be fast is not enough can you
understand what I mean luu nodded
seriously some smile finally appearing
on his face I understand thank thank you
for clearing up my
confusion even though bayu ya didn't
know what was troubling luu these words
still enlightened him he was just a
three-year-old child and it was already
very counterintuitive for him to be able
to achieve what he was doing now so
there was no need to stress too much
even if you can't do the main quests you
can still do the side quests of course
this didn't mean that Lu you gave up on
this and simply lay flat in place it's
just not as stressful as it was in the
beginning as mom said it's useless to
think too much eating well sleeping well
practicing well and having fun is better
than anything else turning to the next
day luu first went to a cabinet to watch
politics see a group of national pillar
Piller quarrel see not happy in the
afternoon he practiced
seriously and in the evening he studied
The Art of War in military Affairs
during this time luu suddenly thought of
something and looked up to ask Master
when do you think I will be able to get
out of the mountain when I learned this
Art of War military jaia wuan glanced at
him and directly saw through his mind
faintly asking what do you want luu
directly stood up and replied with a
serious face I want to lead my troops
into battle win successive battles plow
through the land and defeat thousands of
foreign races drinking horses from the
vast sea sealing the wolf building an
unparalleled feat and establishing a
great reputation for my human race in
this world there were also these idioms
and although the source was somewhat
ancient it didn't prevent Xiao wuan from
under understanding the meaning he
looked at luu in shock and couldn't help
but open his mouth and for a moment he
was speechless to be honest jawanan had
originally thought that luu had said
that even if he broke the sky he only
wanted to go to the battlefield to
experience fighting who would have
thought that his ambition would be so
great it's only been a few days since
you learned the military Art of War and
you're thinking of doing something big
like this
in fact luu was not to be blamed for
being a fool and thinking too much
rather he was looking for a crack at
that outrageous task since personal
strength could not be rapidly improved
in a short period of time then through
the Mastery of The Art of War commanding
the Army to win great victories on the
battlefield it could also break out into
a hefty
reputation but it was clear that he was
still overthinking things Xiao one Yuan
commented
unflinchingly trying to make that kind
of big deal with your current
three-legged command is tantamount to
bringing yourself and the soldiers under
your command to their deaths luu didn't
care and nodded and said
master of course I know this that's why
I'm asking you when will I be able to
leave the mountain when I learn this
military Art of War xia wuan glanced at
him and pointed aside when you defeat me
on this
sandbox l you didn't get discouraged
when he heard this
instead his eyes lit up and he opened
his mouth then let's play another game
don't be afraid that the boss is hard to
beat but be afraid that the boss doesn't
light up the blood bar as long as the
blood bar is lit up that means you can
fight through it chapter 68 How to lure
the master into the ship of Thieves xia
wuan looked at luu with some surprise
just a short one day time not see will
feel L youu and grossome because
yesterday's attack or is it because the
10,000 swords Pavilion said those words
to himself xia wuan didn't think much
about it and
nodded yes the words of the party he
wasn't joking if luu could defeat him on
the sand table even if he didn't
experience actual combat and was still
at the stage of talking on paper he
would still be considered to the ability
to command a team it was absolute
confidence in his own strength luu was
far from trying to win against him the
facts proved that it was indeed the case
even though luu was courageous and
became more and more courageous the more
he lost the huge gap could not be erased
as a result not long after luu was once
again defeated sure enough it still
doesn't work Master you are too powerful
Lou you heartily lamented it was just a
sandre simulation game and it was lost
so dryly if it was a real
Battlefield jaanu and space to play
would only be greater and the advantage
would be more obvious and the Gap would
be further widened want to play another
round jawanan narrowed his eyes at luu
and opened his mouth to ask yes luu
agreed with alacrity
this round do you need me to point out
your mistakes Xiao wuan suddenly asked
hearing this luu said without thinking
of course I need it xia wanan nodded
slightly then waved his hand causing the
virtual Battlefield sand table to reset
and randomly refresh the terrain let's
begin next just a moment later jaia when
you want opened his mouth to
reprimand don't think about soldiering
up right off the bat it's the most
foolish decision even if you have a huge
gap between you and me don't give up on
a frontal Battlefield engagement jauan
just swept a glance at the sand table
even with the fog of war in the way he
still saw through luu's thoughts he
smiled contemptuously and continued
nonchalantly fighting head-on in a
dignified manner has a very good effect
on improving your commanding ability
don't run away from a head- on Duel ah
luu had just planned to divide his army
when he heard this he was inevitably a
bit dumbfounded and couldn't help but
wonder if Master had turned on God's
perspective how did he know so clearly
is it so obvious that one's movements
are so obvious xia wanyuan glanced at
luu and said
indifferently your movements are so
obvious
you've attempted several risky strikes
and each time you've had a good effect
do you really think that I won't be on
guard what a
dumbass can't you even tell when you've
been fooled when Lou you heard this he
was a bit embarrassed he really thought
that every time he divided his troops
and ventured out he had good results it
was only his failure to follow up and
command that caused him to be passive
all the time so it turned out that he
had fallen into a trap right from the
start next he was criticized even more
unmercifully what the hell are you doing
with this parade command the time place
and timing are all wrong you are really
great I've never seen such a great
person today is really an
eyeopener again I you want to divide and
Surround Me Do you want to look at your
base camp it's already leaking a huge
hole I just need to attack straight in
how are you going to defend are you
stupid you can even make such a
low-level
mistake this why are you still making
small moves when you're stretched to the
limit on the
battlefield you're thinking of making a
surprise move do you really think it's
that easy childish fellow I've said it
all
don't run away from frontal battles how
do you see it again your ideas are
really too simple don't write your
tactics directly on the surface you need
to do the real in the
imaginary the real in the
imaginary hide your ideas completely
don't put them completely on the surface
with a commander like you going into
battle you'll be seen through to the
bottom also I'll tell you one more thing
since ancient times the vast majority of
strange soldiers and strange moves or
choices made with the big picture in
mind not something you can just use
right off the bat take back those casual
thoughts of yours under the guidance of
one sentence after another to be honest
luu was a little
redw he was staring at the sand table
anxious and angry but there was nothing
he could do about his master
at this moment he finally understood how
Jang bangu had felt when confronted with
his instructions earlier is this the
price of growth luu let out a deep
breath and tried to calm himself down
then turned Master's instruction after
instruction into motivation and
sustenance
unconsciously the night was late so luu
simply stayed on his master's side
thinking about the things on the sand
table even as he slept
today was a bad day for being yelled at
but it was also one of the most
improved I also wonder according to this
progress when will I defeat my master
and have the ability to command an army
the question is even if he had the
ability mom and dad would never let him
go to war right letting a fledgling kid
go to war and become a general or
something is not child's play it's
crazier than going to the cabinet unless
he could take the master with him in
this way no matter whether it is Dad or
Mom or the Army under the hand there is
nothing to say after all the Hall of the
former Marshall general of dashia as a
backer who dares to
disobey who has a problem with that it's
a bit foxy but I have to say it
works however
the master would certainly not agree
easily and it was a challenge to lure
him into the ship of Thieves just as
louu was pondering these questions Xiao
Jing who was asleep on the side suddenly
spoke Big Brother whom Lou you gave him
a look dad is so Fierce and keeps
lecturing you don't you feel scared Xiao
Jing couldn't help but ask just now
luu and xia wuan fought against each
other Xiao Jing was on the side
listening to his own father's various
reprimands for a while they were all a
little shivering fearing that they would
be caught in the
crossfire who knew that Lu you was like
a nobody still playful after the end and
even had a postgame replay with his old
man this made Xiao Jing very
surprised this question he had held back
for a long time and at this moment he
finally couldn't help but open his mouth
when L you heard this he smiled and said
your old man is just a knife mouth and
tofu heart let him curse a few words if
not to see him so old and a little bit
poor I would have retorted back I don't
want to get on his bad side you know if
I wanted to argue with him he would not
be able to beat me he didn't even beat
me in the previous fights Xiao Jing this
answer left him somewhat speechless but
on second thought it seemed true luu
suddenly remembered something and opened
his mouth to ask by the way why didn't
you come over to the party yesterday
because I thought dad was in a bit of a
strange mood so I thought I'd stay home
with him Xiao Jing said truthfully
in that case then tomorrow I plan to
organize another one do you want to come
to my house luu asked
casually come Xiao Jing immediately
nodded without the slightest
hesitation chapter 692 cracks the
following evening Marshall Saints
residence Yao Guang Pavilion after three
decades of drinking luu suddenly sighed
yug Guan Ching who was on the side
immediately looked over and hurriedly
opened his mouth to ask big brother
today all the brothers have gathered
together to speak freely and happily why
is Big Brother sighing is there
something on your
mind yeah luu nodded and shook his head
again but it's
hard difficult yaning immediately
widened his eyes then directly stood up
and said said loudly we are all great
sing J as the saying goes many hands
make light work if we work together what
can't be
accomplished the sound of this yelling
was so loud that inside ywang Pavilion
the gazes of all the people all looked
over and even the voices of the
conversation stopped as a result hearing
this and feeling the gazes of the crowd
luu thought for a moment and said since
everyone wants to know then I'll talk
about it luu's idea was simple since the
main quest could not be completed for
the time being the side quests could be
done the fourth stage of the quest was
now at 81 out of 100 and as soon as it
was completed the absolute best Heaven
and Earth wonders would be obtained
although the more you get to the back
the more difficult it is to complete the
quest progress but compared to that
counterintuitive main quest this side
quest is a lot more
approachable listening to luu's words
The ywang Pavilion quieted down some
more as everyone quietly listened to him
these days down the line luu had
gradually built up his Prestige among
this group of people he looked at the
crowd and slowly opened his mouth
everyone should know that the me of
today has gained a little bit of Fame in
diaa and even in the entire human race
but I'm still viewed by others
so I tried to prove myself from time to
time I first went to the cabinet to
participate in politics and discuss
state affairs and the cabinet members
praised me for acting decisively and
thinking carefully and one of them was
astonished and under my leadership I
solved the critical situation of the
hellstar
battlefield then I worshiped the former
Marshall of great SI a peak Marshall
Emperor as my master and prac I
diligently every day while also learning
The Art of War my master praised me for
my great talent saying that I often used
the military with a lot of strange moves
and that I was a rare General listening
to Lu you bragging about himself up
there the people present had a look of
admiration and were all in awe and one
of them really believed it one is that
children's minds are not so
complicated relatively good to fool and
the second is that luu's words are half
true and half false regardless of
whether it was the cabinet participating
in politics or discussing the Hing
matter it was all true in addition
worshiping the former Marshall of Dasha
was likewise true true and false mixed
together even those adults who came over
and heard this were bluffed especially
after they had a slight understanding
but aside Xiao Jing the f face is a
little subtle pops did say luu often out
of the strange moves also said he had
him as a general actually even this
ghost tactics can think just then spoke
in a very bad tone seems not to be in
Praise of
luua but when he said that it seemed
okay Xiao Jing had the sense not to say
anything however I heard luu continue
two days ago I even piloted a spaceship
and blasted the foreign race that tried
to trick me to near death tell those
foreign races to know that I'm not just
some random seventh realm Grandmaster
coming over and rubbing my nose in it
when Xiao Jing heard this he couldn't
help but be a little curious was there
something else like this happening that
day he actually didn't even know about
it and his big brother didn't even say
anything to him Lu you
continued although I've done so much I
feel that it's far from enough now I
want to make some whole big moves so
that my reputation will reach the years
of those foreigners so that they will be
anxious day and night but I didn't have
any good ideas for a while and I don't
know what you guys have the crowd was a
little confused after hearing these
words and they didn't return to their
senses for a while let's just say big
brother lives up to its name compared to
big brother
they're just a bunch of hairless brats
of course they are indeed a group of
children right but this does not prevent
the feelings of admiration in their
hearts like the water of a Great River
gushing big brother is simply the son in
their hearts
loyalty
sincerity
subsequently a group of Brats began to
come up with ideas trying to find ways
to make a big move for l
throughout there is no doubt that in
these plans there are mostly bad ideas
and if they really go through with it
not to mention the prestige luu is
afraid that he will be
Infamous of course there are some good
ideas for example let everyone use their
family power and join together to make a
super space Fleet then in luu's name
participate in the battlefield and
saturate those foreign
when this was said everyone seconded it
and they all thought it was a very good
plan although the people present were
all children their family forces were
not simple if they could
cooperate they would definitely be a
very terrifying Force the kind that
would make the entire human Community
tremble despite the fact that they were
only children and their words were light
this matter was the first cooperation
centered on luu the only son of the
Marshall Saint so their parents will
feel it's a political
investment instead of a bunch of little
kids messing around don't tell me it's a
definite
possibility Lou you was all a little
moved by what was said just then someone
suddenly spoke up and asked big brother
I wonder if you've ever heard of The
Reincarnation Tower reincarnation Tower
luu looked towards this person the
person speaking was called
chuang Not only was he a cultivation
genius his family lineage was also very
terrifying having produced three Marshal
Emperors in succession of these three
Marshall Emperors there were two who
died in battle for the human race alone
he has made countless achievements and
is truly highly
decorated
nowadays this Jew family could be
considered a behemoth in dashia Not only
was it a business giant but it also
ruled over some key
organizations such as the police Bureau
in terms of family power and influence
it was just a bit worse than the luu
family
shuang come and tell me in detail I seem
to have heard others talk about this
place before but I don't really know too
much about it so I'd like to trouble you
to clear up my confusion
I wouldn't dare xuang nodded and
immediately began to speak the legend of
The Reincarnation Tower everyone should
have some impression of it but that was
a long time ago that is a mysterious
place to RVE from a secret realm that
only opens once in a full hundred years
time and every time it opens countless
Wormhole passages appear densely spread
throughout the entire universe between
the major Starfield
there are a total of nine reincarnation
Towers which just happen to correspond
to each realm and each reincarnation
tower has nine floors big brother can
simply understand The Reincarnation
Tower as a Breakout game for the entire
universe as long as you break out faster
and more than others you'll be able to
get the rewards of The Reincarnation
Tower the rewards for each of the
reincarnation Towers vary and the great
thing about The Reincarnation Tower is
that even if you're only in the first
realm as long as you break through to
the highest level and get the top few
rankings you'll be able to get rewards
that are good enough to make a marshal
Emperor's eyes water
moreover this treasure or a treasure
adapted for low realm martial artists
will grow along with the low realm
martial artist even if it grows to a
ninth realm martial Emperor it can
continue to be used and be very powerful
of course if it's the same ranking then
definitely the higher Realms are better
than the lower ones Legend has it that
this reincarnation Tower left behind by
a certain ancient
Powerhouse was specifically designed to
be used for screening airs but so far an
unknown number of years have passed yet
no one has been able to become this
reincarnation Tower Lord there's still
more than a month to go before the
opening of The Reincarnation Tower this
time
if big brother can enter it and break
into the rankings he'll definitely be
able to shake the universe and tell all
those foreign races to chill Lu you
listen to these words nodded slightly I
have to say these two plans are very
good ah it's all about strength in
numbers three stinking AIDS are better
than any
juang luu had no expectations of this
who thought he had really found two
cracks for him Chapter 70 volume to the
extreme luu didn't make a decision in a
hurry but first asked some things about
The Reincarnation Tower and there were
quite a few people who knew about the
legend of this reincarnation tower for
example the reason why luu's old man Lu
Chong xong was able to break through to
the 10th realm to become a marshall
Saint had something to do with this
reincarnation Tower back then Lu Chang
Chang walked to the peak of the ninth
realm but was thed on the ninth floor of
The Reincarnation Tower but it was
precisely because of this that he was
able to find the direction of the road
ahead and at the same time he also
obtained a supreme treasure to rely on
in that time in The Reincarnation Tower
Lu Chang Chang managed to kill his way
to first place which was the first first
time in the history of the human race
obviously it was extremely difficult to
make a name for oneself in The
Reincarnation Tower and the difficulty
was even more
outrageous especially in the lower
Realms of The Reincarnation Tower
because this is an undifferentiated
competition facing countless starfields
and countless races the low realm
Geniuses of the human race were too many
to count not to mention the countless
civilized groups in the
universe of course luu was still very
confident in
himself after all he was open how could
the other one realm even if they were
Perfection of the 1 cm realm even if
they were stronger and had more special
abilities be comparable to him even if
they were allowed to have one hand they
would be able to push right through it
horizontally but soon when luu consulted
by yuya about this matter he realized
that he had thought too simply bayu ya
glanced at him and said although
breaking into the reincarnation Tower
doesn't have any life and death dangers
and you can indeed give it a try but
trying to break into the top rankings is
difficult very difficult and almost
impossible to do I didn't say I'd take
first place either can I take the top 10
Lou you was unconvinced by this top 10
you seem to be thinking about this
matter too easily you'd be considered
awesome if you could get the top
10,000 a Yu ya smiled and shook her head
the first
10,000 when luu heard this he couldn't
help but be a bit
dumbfounded thinking that his mom was
also looking down on him too much but
rightly so she didn't quite understand
his current strength a yuya naturally
saw that luu was unconvinced and
immediately explained it's not that I'm
looking down on you if you were to
compete with a normal first realm you
would naturally be able to win easily
but what if the other party is not a
normal first realm not a normal first
realm Lou was slightly stunned and asked
in a somewhat strange manner what do you
mean on the path of martial arts the
first realm trains the skin and flesh
the second realm forges the sinus and
Bones the Third Realm refines the
viscera the fourth realm replaces the
blood and the fifth realm casts the
golden body at the step of casting the
golden body at the fifth realm one can
choose to destroy the foundation and
recultivated walk the path of
cultivation again bayu yya looked at luu
and patiently explained the cultivation
methods of the other foreign races May
differ somewhat from our human rac's
martial arts but overall there is not
much of a difference and they can also
retrace their cultivation path
destroying the foundation and recul it
it can still be played like this when L
you heard this he couldn't help but be a
bit dumbfounded and immediately realized
something that means right
originally destroying the foundation and
recultivated was a second chance for
those whose foundations were too poor as
well as those who chose the wrong path
but ever since someone accidentally
discovered that recultivated the first
realm could also allow them to enter the
first realm reincarnate a tower the
situation was immediately different Bay
yuyo nodded and continued when faced
with the opportunity of The
Reincarnation Tower many fifth realm
martial artists would choose to destroy
their foundations and
recultivated just to enter the first
realm reincarnation Tower this luu
opened his mouth he had thought that his
competitors were just those ordinary
first realm who knew that these fifth
Realm golden body powerhouses were so
UNM
maraliz even if they destroyed their
foundations and
recultivated they still had to grab
Resources with a group of first realm
children what was important to know was
that in the future in the system panel
with luou u's original
qualifications he had cultivated for
nearly 40 years before breaking through
to the fourth realm and then he
completely stopped there generally
speaking the fourth realm of martial
arts master
has been able to live a good life the
fifth Realm of the golden body strong
but also the best some ordinary
University martial arts teacher more
than this realm welfare benefits and so
on directly pull full it was extremely
difficult for an ordinary person to
become a five Realms golden body martial
artists at this realm were already
considered the backbone of the human
race at this realm choosing to destroy
the foundation and recultivated was not
a small price to pay and the boldness
was not too strong Ordinary People
definitely didn't have this ability
after all the resources to cultivate all
the way to the fifth realm was no joke
furthermore it was a question of whether
or not they could break through to the
fifth realm again after a
recultivation the road to retraining is
generally more difficult than the first
time that's why I said that it's very
difficult for you to achieve a the top
ranking in The Reincarnation Tower by
yuio said slowly luu frowned and had to
admit that it was indeed
true however even if it was difficult
one had to give it a try if you don't go
to war how do you know that you're not
as good as those who are
recultivated these people are also too
desperate Lou you said with emotion
because The Reincarnation Tower only
comes out once in a 100 years even the
first place winner of The Reincarnation
Tower of the first realm can obtain
Treasures that will be treasured by
Marshall Emperor realm
powerhouses so compared to such rewards
what is destroying one's foundation and
recultivated by yuyo
continued although almost all of the
people who chose to destroy their
foundations and recultivated were unable
to obtain the rewards because there are
simply too many people who think the
same way as them when everyone rolls
together
the environment becomes worse Lu you
nodded these people were still harming
others and themselves in the end I
believe that they could all understand
this nah can't resist the temptation of
the most precious treasure after all the
risk is big and the reward is bigger
what if that's the reasoning by Yu ya
nodded however the order in which the
reincarnation Tower opens is from the
lower realm to the higher realm and turn
so even if these people don't get the
opportunity at the first realm
reincarnation Tower they can still break
through to the second realm the Third
Realm or even the fourth realm and then
continue to enter it to try to obtain
Treasures luu listened to his old Mom's
account and summarized only one word
volume it's too Nifty to roll he was
originally thinking that with his
enlightened strength in The
Reincarnation tower that wasn't a
horizontal push all the way not only
could he get the top rankings and get
the treasures but he could also spread
his reputation and complete the systems
main quest now it seems that things are
not simple the difficulty is really
exaggerated but under such a high level
of difficulty and such a voluminous
environment if luu could still kill his
way out the gold content would need no
further explanation
definitely easy to complete the main
quest thinking of this luu's eyes became
bright as he raised his head and said
I'm going to participate in this
reincarnation Tower trial and I'm also
going to rank at the top I want to let
the 10,000 races of the universe know
that the son of the Marshall saint has
an unlimited future when bayu Yao heard
this she was speechless for a moment she
had already detailed the difficulties
involved
just because she didn't want to hurt
luu's Pride who knows he's still so
confident by yuyo was silent for a long
time then nodded all right you cheer luu
listened to this somewhat perfunctory
words knowing that the old mother
actually does not think highly of
himself after all the low realm trial of
The Reincarnation Tower is really too
rolled up even if he is amazingly
talented but only just started to
cultivate want to be at the top of the
list
difficult
difficult difficult but the more
underappreciated you are the more
opportunity you have to prove yourself
chapter 71 special training program
turning to the next day luu told his
master about his intention to break into
The Reincarnation Tower
after Xiao when Yuan heard this he just
nodded and didn't change his expression
as if this was some rare and trivial
matter do you think I can get a top
ranking Lou you couldn't help but ask of
course you can under normal
circumstances the top 200 no the top 100
or can be fought for but trying to get
the top 30 or even the top 10
is basically
impossible Xiao Wan Yuan said
indifferently this rating from the
master was obviously quite a bit higher
than mom's but not too high
obviously with regards to luu's strength
Master knew more and naturally evaluated
more accurately luu then said the news
that he heard yesterday on his mom's
side that many of the five realm golden
body martial artists would destroy their
foundations and rebuild them without
speaking of virtues to compete with them
the one realm children I certainly knew
to that point xia wanan nodded then said
disdainfully but so what do you just
think that those fifth realm golden body
Marshall Masters will be very powerful
if they were truly confident they
wouldn't have chosen to destroy their
foundations nor would they have come to
compete with you wouldn't they have
simply waited for the opening of the
five rounds re in Carnation Tower to put
it bluntly they don't have that
confidence it's only then that they
thought of destroying their foundations
and recultivated to compete with you
group of first realm martial artists but
anyone who is confident in themselves
will not choose to destroy their
foundation and
retrain so the opponents you have to
face are just a bunch of waste five
Realms is this what you are afraid of
when luu heard this he couldn't help but
be stunned he hadn't really thought that
his master's perspective on the problem
was diametrically opposed to his mom's
of course I'm Not Afraid luu hurriedly
said but I'm not willing to just take
the top 100 I want to take the first
place xia wanyuan wasn't surprised when
he heard this he nodded and continued
the first is difficult although you
possess innate sword intent and are born
with an innate sword mind you have to
understand that the vast Universe has
countless
communities and the number of
trespassers in the first realm is
undoubtedly the largest any minuscule
difference can pull down a gap of nearly
10 000000
places
strength
substance Talent
awareness will
skill luck all of them are missing in
order to break into the Forefront to be
honest
you being in the top 100 is already a
result of my
overestimation as for you wanting to get
number one hard very hard but it's not
impossible speaking here jawanan slowly
lowered his head and gazed into luu's
eyes then softly asked do you need me to
help you for some reason luu
inexplicably shivered the moment moment
he heard these words and what instantly
came to his mind was surprisingly the
devil's murmur if agreed in The Next
Period of time Lu you absolutely don't
want to feel good all kinds of Hell
training the intensity directly pulled
to full but there was no way back for
him if he missed the opportunity of The
Reincarnation Tower Lu you would have to
cultivate to at least the sixth realm
before his old parents would release him
to go out and make a name for himself
and by that time he would be able to
make some name for himself thus
completing the systems Mainline Mission
how much time is this going to waste how
much of the systems wool is lost with
this thought luu looked at his master
with a firm gaze what should I do if you
really want to break into first place
I'll make a special training plan for
you first I'll polish you to the first
realm's great circle then I'll improve
your all round skills and after that
there's still combat awareness and even
Marshall will to be honed jaia wanan
said
indifferently in short time is tight and
the task is heavy so you won't want to
go home next let alone think about
having fun not a moment to stop now do
you still have that
realization Lou you didn't hesitate and
nodded once again please help me
master good an inexplicable smile
appeared on xiaan yuan's face as he
slowly said then don't regret it even if
you do I won't let you go back L youu is
it that scary he gulped and nodded
anyway very well Xiao Wan Yuan nodded
then touched luu's head you can contact
your family now that fast luu opened his
mouth with only a little over a month to
prepare time is naturally tight Xiao
wuan glanced at him all right Lu you
nodded the next thing he did was to call
his mom on a communication video and
tell her about it by Yu ya could be very
torn after hearing this news to be
honest she really didn't want to agree
a month was just too long and luu was
still so young there was really no need
to fight so hard there's a long future
ahead so why rush it with luu's status
he didn't need the little resources in
The Reincarnation Tower at all his old
man is a martial arts Saint what good
things can't he get but since this was
luu's choice and he wanted to make an
effort to break through and prove
himself she could only choose to support
it after getting his mom's permission
luu breathed a sigh of relief he was
really afraid that his mom would not
agree it would be awkward if Mom was
dead set against it
afterward he talked about it with his
buddies in the Dasha Heroes group in the
next month's time he planned to
cultivate in seclusion and attack the
first place in The Reincarnation Tower
to establish the The Prestige of my
human race the crowd in the group was
all a buzz when they found out about it
and one after another expressed their
support
yesterday after chuyang said this matter
although they remembered it in their
hearts but no one thought that Lu you
was so Resolute but also really
determined to rush the barrier for the
human race to fight for fame straight
away it was closed for over a month when
luu notified this
he unexpectedly found that the progress
bar of the fourth stage of the quest had
increased by another three points
becoming 84 out of 100 there's a
backstabber in this group luu had
thought that all the groupies of Heroes
of Dasha had already recognized him who
knew that there were actually
omissions when luu said this yaning
immediately sent a private message over
Big Brother
since you're in
seclusion I'm also going to be in
seclusion I'm also going to break into
The Reincarnation Tower with big brother
when luu saw this he couldn't help but
be
stunned then he returned share together
yaning quickly replied back that's right
the task that big brother gave me
earlier I've completed it
successfully I found the information of
those four girls
I'll pass it over right now for girls
luu couldn't help but Furrow his brows
then quickly reacted so it turned out
that this matter was still being handled
by
yaning
afterward Leu looked at the four little
girl messages that came across the table
and cried and laughed a little though no
longer needed he returned good job in
the
meantime the cheu family
xuang who had just finished training and
was resting looked at the message in the
group and couldn't help but raise an
eyebrow the corner of his mouth
revealing a smile if nothing else good I
will also be in seclusion next so let's
let us have a match by then I've been
preparing for 3 years for this
reincarnation Tower forcing down the
realm for so long just to wait for this
one chance chapter 72 The Wind Rises and
and the clouds surge deepen the depths
of the deep and infinite Universe a
terrifying black hole with a diameter of
one 2 trillion kilm was constantly
twisting and tearing one 2 trillion kilm
may not be intuitively
comprehensible but it can be clearly
felt by changing the unit of distance
1/8 of a lightyear the mass of this
massive black hole is equivalent to 4
trillion Suns which is larger than all
the planets of the Milky Way Galaxy put
together however it was such a
terrifying Celestial body that was
actually twisting
collapsing and tearing at this moment as
if there was something that was
continuously drilling out the energy
fluctuations generated by the tearing of
the terrifying black hole rippled across
tens of thousands of
starfields while at the same time an
invisible
passageway spanning a despairing
distance from the astronomical distance
was slowly
congealing that's a
wormhole the only passageway across the
long Cosmic distances for almost all
civilized
communities at this stage almost all
wormholes in the universe are naturally
formed no group of civilizations could
build a
wormhole even the Twisted evil God who
spread Terror everywhere could do
nothing about it but at this moment that
one Wormhole passed Mage like a spider's
web was filled with tens of thousands of
civilized communities at once in front
of such terrifying greatness even
Marshall St L changing could only sigh
in awe at this moment in the Starry Sky
Lu Ching's face was complex as he
watched the black hole change in the
distance after a hundred years he once
again felt his
insignificance can't see through still
can't see see through even if I break
through to the Marshall Saint realm I
still can't see through Lu Chang Shang
said softly Mighty and powerful people
from the ancient era their era was
mostly before the birth of this
observable universe today the Big Bang
gives birth to everything The Big Break
of the universe silences everything it's
a cycle the Tower of
reincarnation by that name I wonder how
many incarnations it has gone through
what exactly is its purpose is the
purpose of putting up the nine
reincarnation Towers really just to look
for an air now that I've broken through
to the 10th realm I want to explore it
again but I can't even do it anymore
it's rejecting me interesting there were
quite a few Unsolved Mysteries in the
entire universe and this reincarnation
Tower was one of them just then Lu
changing suddenly sensed something and
he looked up in the cold Starry Sky one
after another an alien Powerhouse
appeared coming here to observe the
appearance of The Reincarnation Tower
little fellow of the human race the
octopus-shaped alien Powerhouse with six
eyes looked at Lu chong ching in unison
and greeted him in human language Lu
Chong
xong however didn't bother to talk to
these guys and with a turn he directly
disappeared into the boundless Starry
Sky rude guy the octopus shaped alien
Powerhouse muttered after all he's only
just broken through the limit realm and
still has a long
lifespan so he's arrogant as hell the
spirit form of a ball of light and Mist
as it spoke the ball of its own Mist
flickered brightly and Darkly he will
understand later on that he is not
omnipotent
in that last battle the human race was
almost wiped out and it was only by luck
that they managed to produce a tenth
realm a huge Planet suddenly appeared
and issued its own voice when the next
time comes they won't be so lucky if he
is willing to distort himself he can
still break the limits of his life and
live as we do the octopus shaped alien
Powerhouse smiled and said but in that
case would he still be the human races
hero countless Stars away Lu changing
took a step here as he turned back to
take a distant look evil God Caz Ora God
Crum laav star God
Corsair his strength is equal to the
10th realm unlike those ordinary ninth
realm transformed evil Gods who used to
be alive in the 10th realm these totally
depraved old monsters are disgusting and
tricky even if you break through to the
10th realm your lifespan is limited
and if you want to continue to live you
have to become a God and the price is a
complete Distortion of itself and the
need for massive life
sacrifices it started out as a massacre
sacrifice except that this was highly
susceptible to
resistance then they began to utilize
Wars vigorously promoting intercommunal
Warfare as a way to achieve alternative
sacrifices
gradually these evil Gods who were simp
L trying to survive used this practice
to draw the entire universe into the war
with the endless hatred
intertwined everyone killed redyed and
even if all of these damned guys fell
the war couldn't be stopped anymore no
matter what this time for The
Reincarnation Tower our human race must
contend whether it's a supreme Treasure
of the lower Realms or the hope of
breaking through to the 10th realm in
the higher Realm S one has to grasp both
any reincarnation tower that can squeeze
into the top 100 0 is a good seedling at
the top it has to be cultivated with
emphasis Lu Chang Chang turned around
and continue to rush in the vastness of
the universe there are tens of thousands
of civilized
communities and the human Community is
just one of them it was because of Li
changings appearance that the human race
had risen into prominence in the
universe with the human race pushing all
the way across the country rapidly
expanding their territory and pulling in
a considerable amount of hate it
couldn't be helped even if one rested on
his Laurels and didn't go for expansion
he would still be hated after all a 10rm
Powerhouse that was still alive was too
eye-catching not to mention in the human
race even if you look at the entire
universe it is all gold later luu
Ching's Choice proved to be correct and
under his
leadership the human race Rose rapidly
despite only occupying a thousand living
planets the strength of the race was
already not to be
underestimated the total population of
the human race
moreover exceeded 3 trillion and in
recent years it was still climbing the
many Geniuses and demons are even as
numerous as the CP that crosses the
river only when looking at the entire
scope of the universe the human race was
still a bit
inconspicuous under an incomparably
terrifying total being able to break
into the top 100 0000 of The
Reincarnation Tower was already
considered a genius worth
cultivating as for the top one 0000 or
500
they are the leaders of the community
the Geniuses of the
Geniuses an existence that any major
power would have to go crazy for even if
this ranking could not receive any
benefits in The Reincarnation Tower it
could receive countless olid branches
and thus be focused on cultivation by
the major powers in the future there
would no longer be a lack of cultivation
resources this was also the reason why
many fifth realm martial artists would
go to break into The Reincarnation Tower
even if they had to destroy their
foundations and
retrain as for the top 100 or even the
top 30 or 10 that's simply
unimaginable even a group of Martial
Emperors would have to compete to be
accepted as personal
disciples back then when Li Chang xang
was still a marshal Emperor he had taken
in a disciple like this and she had
become quite successful and was now a
marshall Emperor with the continuous
tearing of the huge black hole the
spreading of the fluctuation of the
opening of The Reincarnation Tower and
the slow formation of countless
wormholes in just one night the vast
majority of civilized
communities including the human
Community knew about the imminent
opening of The Reincarnation Tower tens
of thousands of civilized groups
countless lives and astronomical numbers
of celestial Pride all went crazy
the once in a century Madness event is
about to kick off once again chapter 73
crazy
cultivation Tower of Trials Blue Star as
the great summer imperial capital star
there were countless Geniuses Gathering
here every year of which blue star
University was one of the leading ones
the people who could enter blue star
University were pretty much one in a
billion all of them were Supreme
geniuses
however when the news of The
Reincarnation Tower came out there were
already students who were planning to
destroy their foundations and
retrain the reason is simple even if
they are the same genius there is a gap
between them some of them probably the
strongest Geniuses his planet ever had
no one can match it no one can compare
it thus when he arrived at Blue Star
University with absolute confidence he
was shocked to find that he was actually
almost at the bottom of the blue star
University the pride of a small place
when they arrived at Blue Star
University they were reduced to a
stepping stone for others no matter how
hard they tried they couldn't catch up
with the Demons of their kind so how
could such an experience give birth to
their
self-confidence in
contrast destroying the found a and
recultivated walking the cultivation
path again killing the top rankings of
The Reincarnation Tower and getting the
opportunity to focus on
cultivation was instead a good choice as
a matter of fact not only in Blue Star
University but also in other slightly
inferior
universities such as the grandia martial
arts academy Tien Wu Academy and star
martial arts University there were many
students who chose to retrace their
cultivation path after all the
opportunity to break into The
Reincarnation Tower was too rare it only
happens once in a hundred years if by
some fluke they killed the top 100
Marshall Kings would grab them and the
top 30 not to mention Marshall Kings
Marshall Emperors would have to fight
for them at that time the cultivation
resources they obtained were simply not
comparable to what they could get now in
addition to these Geniuses who took the
path of cultivation again there were
also many first realm martial artists
who used various methods to suppress
their Realms 3 to 5 years or even 10 or
so years of prolonged suppression they
forced their realm to stay at the first
realm having cultivated to the peak to
the utmost and to the great circle
although this would have a certain
impact on the subsequent
cultivation it was all worth it in order
to break into the top rankings in The
Reincarnation Tower as a matter of fact
not only human
communities but other alien races employ
such methods anyway let's all roll
together and Roll It Out roll it to new
heights this also led to the fact that
even luu who had so many Hang-Ups
according to his Master's words was that
it was difficult to break into the top
100 it's really ridiculously difficult
but the higher the difficulty the
greater The Challenge and once he killed
his way to the front luu could easily
become famous in the universe this
filled luu with motivation and began a
month-long training from hell in fact
compared to these people what Lu you
lacked was not Talent OR qualification
what he lacked was simply time if the
reincarnation Tower was to open a year
later with his condition killing his way
into the top 10 would be much simpler
but he is now only just starting to
cultivate this is also the reason why
bayyo does not look favorably on luu his
cultivation time was too short if he
hadn't worship xiaan Yuan he wouldn't
have even started practicing yet because
of this
neither Lu changing nor Bay yuyo had
spoken to him about the news about the
imminent opening of The Reincarnation
Tower after all as the Marshall Saints
only son he didn't lack the resources to
cultivate nor did he lack a marshal
Emperor Master nor did he lack secret
treasures there was no need for luu to
be like those people who would break
into The Reincarnation Tower at all
costs so this reincarnation Tower
originally
didn't have much to do with him until
that mission came along it was only then
that luu decided to make a break for it
so much so that Lu Chang Chang froze
when he returned home and heard the news
BYU Yao couldn't help but complain to
him little luu is capricious and fooling
around and he xiaan Yuan as a master
doesn't know how to stop it instead he
follows him around and customizes a
special training program for him luu
hasn't come home for several days now
and I won't be able to see him for the
next month when Lu Chang Shang heard
these words he just smiled and asked
back then why did you agree to it in the
first place I by yuyo who was asked
rhetorically was suddenly
speechless and only said after a long
time I just miss him the child will grow
up
eventually he's my son and since he's
going to break into The Reincarnation
Tower he'll have to get good grades his
master gave him special training there's
no problem Lu Chang Shang smiled faintly
and said with some
anticipation let's just see how high he
can fly this time hearing this by yuyo
wanted to speak but after a long while
she still nodded in a Flash 15 days had
passed jaia when yuan's Mansion 10,000
swords Pavilion middle position luu sat
on the futon in this position he felt
like a tree in a category 18 typhoon
swaying wildly as if he was going to be
uprooted in the next
second however practicing here can be
half the battle these days luu's
schedule was Straight Up full and he
could no longer squeeze in a bit of time
realm
cultivation secret technique learning
combat awareness
development martial arts fighting skill
training and even that heartless Shia
when youan even the time he spent
sleeping was taken up he used black hole
meditation thoughts instead of sleep to
not only replenish his sleep but also to
grow his Marshal will
cultivate
cultivate
cultivate for 24 hours a day even the
time to eat and drink is spent
practicing there wasn't a single moment
to spare luu felt like he was going
crazy he felt that he was not a human
being but a cultivation machine even
Xiao Jing suffered he was dragged along
with luu and followed the cultivation
together
during these days Xiao Jing was tortured
beyond
recognition but even so he still gritted
his teeth and
persevered he wants to prove himself too
luu couldn't help but find the master
and say wanting to be fast is not good
so intense cultivation is not good to
rest appropriately ah take a breath or
not as a result jaia wuan only glanced
at him him you're a marshall Saint L you
could only
reply no jawanan said rightfully since
you're not a marshall Saint then listen
to me and it's not like we've been
practicing like this all the time it's
just a month of special training do you
know what special training means don't
want to give me lazy what else could luu
say xia wuan walked in from the side
door he looked at luu and said
indifferently you cannot need to
cultivate today when Lou you heard this
his heart was immediately delighted but
he immediately realized that things were
definitely not that simple with his
teacher nature he would never give him a
day off as expected xia wanan continued
you go and break into the Tower of
Trials then bring me back a first place
the Tower of
Trials what does this have to do with
The Reincarnation Tower hearing this Lu
you hurriedly asked jaia wuan glanced at
him and slowly explained The
Reincarnation Tower not just anyone can
go and break into it for you
naturally it's not a problem but what
about for those Geniuses from ordinary
Origins they can't even afford a ticket
for a spaceship so how are they going to
venture into the secret realm of
reincarnation so in order to better
select
Geniuses each planet will conduct trials
at the same time on the blue star side
what's opened is the virtual world's
Tower of Trials so as long as you enter
it and get a certain ranking you'll be
able to qualify to go and break into the
Tower of
reincarnation hearing this luu nodded
and couldn't help but say then if I get
the rankings won't I be crowding out
other people's spots jauan glanced at
him and said
unflinchingly do you think breaking into
the reincarnation Tower is a family game
what's the point of a bunch of Canon
fodder going in my opinion there are
still too many spots right now and even
half less won't have any effect chapter
74 the heat is on in fact this audition
started half a month ago however at that
time the fish and Dragons Were a mixed
bag of good and bad and the intensity of
the trial was too low so xiaan Yuan had
never even considered allowing luu to
compete it wasn't until now when the
progress of the selection tournament had
come to the second half and entered the
white hot stage that he intended to let
luu go down to test the depths of the
water in fact
it wasn't just him Xiao
wuan who had this idea many people had
this idea and even if they didn't need
to obtain a reincarnation Tower slot
they still plugged in to get an early
warm-up there was no doubt that this
would crowd out some of the civilian
martial artists making it slightly
unfair but there is no such thing as
absolute fairness in this world outside
of the universe it was even weaker and
stronger you couldn't even defeat those
powerful children who had cut in even if
you were lucky enough to go to The
Reincarnation Tower it wouldn't be much
use conducting selection trials in
advance was originally used to screen
out the true
Geniuses and it was a normal situation
for those with slightly lesser
qualifications to be
eliminated
therefore the official for such
Behavior simply turn a blind eye is
considered to
acques anyway these people who cut in
line to come in but only one hair of a
nine cow after L you understood the
general
situation he couldn't help but feel
emotion in his heart what a powerful
class what a special
treatment oh I'm the biggest Powerhouse
of all that's okay but does teacher mean
that he wants me to take the first place
in Blue Star Lou you couldn't help but
ask that's right Xiao Wan Yuan nodded
it's up to your efforts in these 10 days
or so to take a first place in the blue
star under pressure Lou you nodded if it
was just a first realm martial artist
competing then it wouldn't be a problem
for him to take first place at all but
this time around there were many former
fifth realm powerhouses among the
participants including many geniuses
from Blue Star University and perverts
who had suppressed their realms for more
than 10 years the thing to know was that
he had cultivated so far full stop not
even a month even if he's turned on it
takes time to grow if you are really
blindly confident that there is no enemy
then you are really underestimating the
heroes of this world even though this
half month of cultivation had already
allowed luu to grow quite a bit if he
could get first place in the blue star
almost in the entire human race he would
be able to secure the top spot the
difficulty of this can be very
exaggerated it's right to have pressure
to luu's surprise xiaan Yuan didn't mock
his lack of confidence but calmly said
blue star is the great summer Imperial
Star a place where countless Geniuses
gather many of them were able to defy
the sixth realm patriarch ARS when they
were in the fifth realm but even so they
all chose to destroy their foundations
and
recultivated so the difficulty is
conceivable although I can look down on
them you absolutely can't look down on
them or you'll be at a great
disadvantage however you shouldn't have
too much pressure Forge ahead and fight
recklessly it's good if you can get the
first place if you can't get it there's
nothing you can do anyway there's still
more than half a month of time left you
can continue to
cultivate hearing this Lu you nodded
heavily good before entering the Tower
of Trials Lu you finally gained a bit of
rest time and couldn't help but let out
a long sigh of relief and Xiao Jing who
was on the side was like a dead dog
paralyzed on the ground not even wanting
to move luu also sat on the ground and
opened his communication device glancing
at the message during these 15 days of
seclusion he had received very many
messages there are moms and dads and the
buddies from the dashia heroes group
even the Riverside snow giang bangu had
obviously heard about luu's closed door
cultivation preparing to break into The
Reincarnation Tower and left a message
message to cheer him on luu replied one
by one then glancing at the heroes of
the great summer group there was no
shortage of messages at his own luu took
a general look this group of kid
brothers were discussing the news of the
Tower of Trials and asked luu if he
wanted to
participate luu didn't think much about
it and immediately spoke of course I
want to
participate the moment luu spoke the
originally quiet group instantly B
boiled over waa who is this boss is out
big brother has finally spoken big
brother I miss you so much it feels like
I haven't seen you for so many days how
a day's absence separates three autumns
it feels like a lifetime has passed so
long big brother how's the closed door
cultivation going big brother was very
powerful before and this time when he's
out of the gate he's definitely even
more powerful but the difficulty of this
trial is very high those Geniuses from
Blue Star University retracing their
cultivation paths is simply a descending
blow big brother has to be careful boss
are you going to join the Tower of
Trials Midway I'm going to participate
as well go and meet Big Brother Lu you
looked at the the constantly refreshing
messages smiled slightly and continued
to reply my master wants me to come back
with a blue star number one but I feel
that the difficulty is a bit high so I
can only say that I'll try my best to
play when these words came out there was
no doubt that it was like a huge Stone
thrown into a calm lake instantly
stirring up a Thousand Waves the big
guys understand Lu U's character what
the big brother says is what a spit and
a nail if you don't have the confidence
you don't really dare to say that boss
is mighty Big Brother sure can go boss
this blue star number one is definitely
ours I must watch this trial just
waiting for Big Brother to perform luu
looked at the constantly scrolling
messages and glanced at the progress of
the fourth stage of the quest with this
confidence state from Fong he made the
quest progress go up another two points
it's currently 86 out of 100 it's only
14:00 however the further back you go
the harder it gets the point is time is
running out for the mission at first
this side quest was limited to A month's
time as a deadline now this month is all
that is left under normal circumstance
ances it's basically impossible to get
it done however next luu participated in
the tower of Trials to try out the
depths of the blue star Celestial pride
and as long as he performed well he
might be able to complete this side
quest the reward for the fourth stage of
the quest is the absolute best Heaven
and Earth wonders once he obtained this
treasure when the time came luu would
undoubtedly be more certain when he went
to break into The Reincarnation Tower
again so it seemed that this trial the
importance of which was
self-evident had to be played well soon
the news that the Marshall Saints only
son had left the gate and participated
in the tower of Trials went viral in the
circles of the great seas top
echelons even some Marshall Emperors
were startled and came over to pay
attention with interest with the
attention of these big wigs the one
realm selection
tournament which was originally very hot
was even more rapidly elevated at this
moment gradually coming to an
unprecedented level of course although
the news of luu's participation had
spread in the high level Circle nothing
was known outside the high level Circle
even many great Masters were at a loss
about this it was just a trial selection
for the first realm why would so many
Marshall Emperors be
concerned with this curiosity
they too began to pay attention chapter
75 where did this child come from why
does he look familiar with the attention
of one Marshal Emperor after another The
Winds of the outside world Rose and the
Heat of the trial became more and more
exaggerated some people who originally
didn't intend to
participate when they saw how Lively it
was they were instantly moved and one by
one they all plugged in to participate
in this trial Marshall Saints only son
I've heard that he's extremely talented
more than a demon let me try his
success let's see if he's as Heaven
defying as the rumors say he's only 3
years old how far can he go against the
heavens when I was in the fifth realm
even the Patriarchs were no match for me
I don't believe that I can't beat a
three-year-old after retracing my
cultivation path
haha you guys are going to bully kids
that's not very nice that is you
participate I
participate the original tower of Trials
of average difficulty has directly
turned into the little reincarnation
tower all going to a fish fry I'll come
along for the ride I'll come to I'll
come too I've heard that this son of a
marshall Saint who worships a peak
Marshall EMP Emperor as his teacher I'm
afraid it's not simple I just happened
to see if it lives up to its name the
cheu family after chuong saw this news
his eyes revealed some
surprise having the guts I didn't expect
you to participate in this selection
trial xuang said softly in that case I
will also
participate let's see if we can engage
you a little early saying so chuang's
eyes were filled with
anticipation as a matter of fact not
only Chu Yang there were quite a few
more such people in the great summer
Heroes group each and every one of them
was the son of a marshall Emperor and
their natural Talent was even more
Supreme so if they were placed outside
they could be called the dragon in
Phoenix among men with thousands of
favorites but if they were placed in
Heroes of the grand
they were just a mediocre sand sculpture
groupy the experience is new but they
have their own little
Minds this time the Tower of Trials is
the
opportunity in the
meantime Virtual Worlds luu didn't know
that he had just participated in the
tower of Trials and he was being watched
by countless people who wanted to come
and weigh him to see if he was worthy of
his name such a situation was naturally
not a secret to xia wuan and he was not
surprised after all luu's identity was
placed there this was just too
normal however want to we luu's weight
it also depends on whether you have the
qualifications to do so the five Realms
retracing their cultivation paths was
naturally a dimensional blow to ordinary
first realm Marshall artists but for
True demons it wasn't that great of an
advantage in the virtual world's
oversized Plaza there was a huge
countdown right above it 23 minutes and
9 seconds 7 minutes had passed the
advanced preparation time is half an
hour if you are late for the future you
will automatically lose the opportunity
to try out at this moment nearly a
million people had gathered in this
oversized Square
meanwhile that number is still growing
at this moment louu several people was
in the High Altitude Supreme VIP room
inside all kinds of
equipment everything the walls and
floors of the room can be set to
transparent to clearly see the scene
below luu and Xiao Jing were a little
surprised as they looked at the growing
number of people below for that matter
it was still the second half of the
trial and it was hard to imagine how
many people there would be in the
addition stage as the countdown ticked
down the trial would soon begin soon a
light screen appeared in front of luu's
eyes with a line of text displayed on it
you are about to be teleported to the
Tower of Trials do you accept there are
three options below accept
reject temporarily put on hold until the
next match luu didn't hesitate and
directly clicked except the light screen
then changes and the text on it reads we
are randomly matching opponents in
battle maps please be patient the
matching time was fast just a few
seconds luu felt a blur in front of his
eyes and the scene around him had
changed this ruin Street was filled with
smoke burning flames everywhere and
wailing sounds were coming from
everywhere as if it was a hell on Earth
one by one hideous faced slow moving
Heaven Fury corpses wandered aimlessly
through the streets at the same time
text prompts continued to appear before
luu's eyes you have been teleported to
the fourth level of the Tower of Trials
War Zone 3 the name of the theater is
Purgatory town the total number of
players in this theater is 10 0000 0 the
battle will start in 300 seconds at this
stage players are
invincible so please be patient and wait
for other players to join in the rules
of purgatory town are as follows kill an
ordinary Heaven Fury corpse and gain one
point kill a sky fiend corpse Elite and
gain 10 points kill a Heavenly Fury
corpse kingmaker and receive 100 points
for killing a player half of that
player's points will be awarded or 10
points if that player has less than 20
points the total time of the trial is 60
minutes and after the trial is over the
players with the top 50 points will be
promoted to the next level of the Tower
of Trials please be patient with other
players L you often play virtual games
so these game settings in front of him
is not
unfamiliar at the moment interested in
looking around with today's blue stars
technology
it can only temporarily reach the point
of virtual world but not virtual
Universe although Dasha had long
mastered the technology of quantum
communication with the amount of
computation in the virtual universe and
the massive amount of information
conveyed the quantum communication
technology at this stage was a bit
stretched in addition the virtual world
can only replicate the seventh realm and
the body below the seventh realm and for
the time being it can't simulate the
rule power that is to say even if a
marshall Emperor Powerhouse arrived in
the virtual world the maximum strength
he could exert was at most the seventh
realm in fact even at the seventh realm
it was very bare and many domains were
difficult to
simulate in short there is still a lot
of room for progress in human technology
however there was no problem in
providing a group of first realm martial
artists with a trial ground just as L
was thinking about these things not far
away refreshed an uncle in his 20s or
30s who looked at luu in Surprise and
couldn't help but open his mouth and say
where did this child come from is this a
place where you can come if it wasn't
for the fact that luu's body was
surrounded by a faint glow and was in an
invincible State he would have almost
thought that this kid was an
NPC I'm a participant ah why can't I
come Lu you looked at the uncle in front
of him and asked with a naive face it's
you Uncle you're so old how come you're
still in the first realm hearing this
this Uncle immediately blushed with old
age and coughed Uncle I was a fifth
realm golden body martial artist before
this is a retracing of the path of
cultivation oh in in that case then
Uncle you have a big Advantage luu
nodded and said no there's no Advantage
anymore because by this stage everyone
else is basically in the same situation
as me on the contrary kids like you are
few and far between how did you get here
the man asked with some
curiosity me I cut right in Lu you
replied with a smile so ah this Uncle
nodded thinking that the original is the
son of a powerful Noble family the
family let him come to see the world no
wonder it is so small but why does he
feel that this child inexplicably a
little familiar it always seems like
I've seen it somewhere before chapter 76
where the hell is this monster from
fourth shift
time passed second after second and many
players appeared nearby one after
another and after seeing luu without
exception they were all very
surprised this little nub it's too small
isn't it how come it's only this big how
did he get here one must know that this
was already the second half of the
selection trial and there was not a
single simple one that could make it all
the way here soon the men learned that
the little fellow by arrangement with
his family had cut in it turns out to be
the son of a powerful man it was then
that the idea was born that's at least
10 points for ahead isn't that a score
for nothing can a kid that big resist
with his sword that's taller than the
others
hilarious feeling the Gaz is full of
malice around him luu seemed as if he
didn't notice them and continued to be
observing the
surroundings as the countdown to the
battle went by minute by minute the men
leaned in unison all wanting to take the
10 points for
nothing however there are also some
people who notice that something is not
right and feel that this matter is not
so simple especially that child
inexplicably a little
familiar these people hastily backed
away and do not intend to mix in this
muddy water and no one came out to stop
it the place of trial already cruel to
the extreme nothing to do where there is
still Leisure to do justice what's more
this is still a virtual world so it's
okay to die as time passes to luu's left
and right more and more people were
almost surrounding him they stared at
luu as if they were looking at good prey
each one has eyes of gold fair play
don't mess up whoever gets at first gets
it these people had even begun to
communicate completely treating luu as a
meal on a plate meat in a bowl among
these people the uncle who talked to luu
at the beginning was clearly among them
he looked at luu greedily and secretly
said in his heart you don't blame me
this place of trial is supposed to be
the strongest of the weak you'd better
die under me time passed by second after
second there were only 10 seconds left
before the Invincible state was going to
end they had completely surrounded luu
and now they couldn't even leave if they
wanted to only then did luu turn around
at his waist was a sword that was longer
than the others he slowly took his sword
out and smiled at the crowd
you guys want to challenge me it's quite
smart to know that you can't give it
away one by one so you choose to go
together hearing this the
atmosphere which was still tense
instantly became a bit strange the faces
of the crowd were that wonderful they
looked at luu in shock never dreaming
that he would say such words someone
couldn't help it and let out a of
laughter followed by hahahaha wild
laughter so much so that their stomachs
began to hurt I have to say this little
kid is so funny that's a lot of serious
talk luu looked at the group of people
laughing he tilted his head to show some
confusion what was so funny about it
don't they recognize themselves yet yes
it should be compared to the good boy
image of his last TV appearance
the luu at this moment since he had been
practicing for a month was like a
different person he slowly pulled the
long sword from his waist and looked
around at the people surrounding him a
brief count brought the total to
13 that means 130 points 10 seconds flew
by and the invincibility was about to
disappear the youth standing at the very
front condescendingly looked down at luu
and grinned
although I don't know where you get your
confidence I still have to tell you that
this trial land is not a place for you
to play around since you're the son of a
powerful man stay in your own home and
watch the show only after these words
someone already couldn't help but take
the lead now is not the time to chat
grabbing points is the key this person
quickly rushed to luu's body and didn't
hesitate to swing his sword when
the knife did not hit luu but cut
directly on the ground and luu did not
know when he had disappeared in place ha
the Man's eyes widened and he was just
about to raise his head to look for
someone when he suddenly felt his head
sink a pair of feet stepped on his head
luu stood on this man's head and looked
down at the remaining 12 when these
people saw this scene they raised their
heads dismay written all over their
faces
it wasn't until this moment that they
finally realized that things weren't
simple yet it was obviously too late to
realize that something was wrong luu
just stepped on it and the head of the
man under his feet was immediately
stepped into his chest cavity already
dead this is the power of the natural
dragon and tiger even if these people
had once been fifth realm Marshall
Masters that was only once and having
retraced the path of cultivation
they had lost the vast majority of their
power retaining only a strong sense of
combat and martial will these people
were naturally crushed on all fronts
when facing ordinary first realm martial
artists but
unfortunately they had met
luu if he was a peak fifth realm
recultivated with the Dharma body
remaining it might still allow luu to be
a bit more cautious but they however
were just ordinary fifth Realm
not enough to look at at all for
example this person at luu's feet had
been eliminated for no apparent reason
without even being able to use his own
bottom card luu jumped up high and along
with the man falling to the ground with
a loud crash he swung his sword down and
sliced off another man's head this
person also knew that it was not good
his scalp was tingling and he just
wanted to resist but suddenly his
complexion was in a trance and the
movement of his hand slowed down by half
a beat in the next instant a head flew
high in the air this is Red Dust sword
technique the moment the sword is
discharged it can affect the opponent's
mental state to a certain extent even if
one was once in the fifth realm and
their Marshall will was strong enough to
not be dragged into the illusion they
could still be put into a trance for a
moment a life and death battle this
instant is enough to rewrite the
battlefield
subsequently Lu you wandered above the
tip of the blade frantically harvesting
lives just in the blink of an eye these
13 people 12 had already died one corpse
after another fell at his feet luu's
body and sword were not stained with
half a drop of blood as if nothing had
happened he calmly looked at the older
man who had approached him at the
beginning and asked with a smile what
were you thinking do you have to come
over to give away points just like them
the older man looked at the scene in
front of him with his jaw dropped he
stared blankly at luu and an image
suddenly flashed through his mind you
are you turned out to be you he finally
remembered why he thought the kid looked
so familiar he was actually the only son
of the Marshall saint blue you it's just
a shame that it's too slow to think
about it now as the last head rolled to
the ground the Marshal artists watching
from afar each looked at each other with
horror in each other's eyes
fortunately fortunately sensed that it
was wrong and did not want to take risks
for this one head and retreated in
advance otherwise they all died to die
under the sword of this child but where
in the world did this monster come from
this is too scary suddenly they felt
luu's gaze sweeping over and one by one
their faces stiffened and their scalps
tingled then without the slightest
hesitation they turned around and ran
run run fourth shift this chapter is a
bounty plus chapter 77 Celestial being I
want to see brother luu where is he why
don't you give the camera yet Jang bangu
sat in the arms of the beautiful woman
probing at the TV program and chirping
the beautiful woman touched giang bianu
head and
explained although this is the second
half of the trial selection the number
of participants is still as high as more
than 2 million 10 0000 people divided
into a war zone which is also more than
200 War zones there are countless
battles occurring at every moment even
if the TV station has a lot of guides
there's no way to cut to the footage
that you want wait until the later
stages of the finals and you should have
the footage you want despite what she
said the beautiful woman actually didn't
think much of luu even if he had a high
level of talent his age was a hard fact
and his cultivation time was too short
so how could he compare to those who had
recultivated at the fifth realm what's
more among the contestants this time
there are also some peaks of the fifth
realm who still have a portion of their
Dharma bodies remaining just as she was
thinking this she suddenly heard the
little girl exclaim out it's coming it's
coming Brother Lou U's picture hearing
this the beautiful woman froze for a
moment and hurly looked looked up at the
picture on the
screen then she saw a killing scene that
was like art and in just a split second
more than a dozen people were beheaded
one after another what a fast sword the
beautiful woman's pupes shrunk slightly
and she couldn't help but open her mouth
unable to believe her eyes for a moment
in the middle of the screen Lu's tiny
figure formed an extremely sharp
contrast with the dozen or so Corpses
that had fallen
successively because it was a trial
Battlefield and not an ordinary virtual
game after the players were
eliminated their broken bodies were
still lying on the ground and did not
disappear
immediately this bloody scene made the
beautiful woman a little worried that
her daughter was feeling
uncomfortable but as a result she looked
down and saw that Jang bangu was
applauding excitedly with her eyes
glowing brother luu is really great
American Woman
well she was the one who was
overthinking it it is very powerful the
beautiful woman nodded something that
even she had to admit in the meantime
the host in charge of the commentary had
an excited look on his face and shouted
with an exuberant expression the picture
of this battle is from the absolute
Heavenly pride of Battle Zone 3 and I
believe that many of the viewers in the
screen should have already guessed his
identity the greatest hero in the
history of
mankind the only son of the 10 realms
Marshall Saint
luu look he easily eliminated 13
opponents this is already the second
half of the genius selection tournament
and those who have fallen without
exception are all fifth realm heavy
cultivators yet under luu sword they
were actually no match at all they
couldn't even resist a single move
the battle ended
one-sidedly I really can't believe my
eyes it is said that this Marshall
Saints only son has been cultivating for
less than a month is this a
genius no genius is simply not enough to
describe him he's only 3 years old it's
too
terrifying I can only say that it's
worthy of being the Marshall Saints only
son this is truly Heavenly with this
kind of talent this kind of strength the
future is bound to be
unlimited talking too far let's go back
to the trial
Battlefield after eliminating 13 people
at the current stage of the third
Battlefield L use points ranking ranked
first a ranking then appeared in the
upper right corner of the screen ranging
from the 1 to the 20th Place with the
ranks behind it shifting almost every
minute every second but the first place
Lew you at the front for a moment was as
steady as a
mountain this was normal after all one
could only gain 100 points by killing a
Heaven's Fury corpse King that possessed
third order strength a normal Heaven's
Fury corpse mini monster is even only
one point so in a short period of time
it would be hard for anyone to surpass
luu as the host in charge of the
commentary made this impassion
announcement it directly caused a furer
not many people knew about it because
jaia wuan had made up his mind on the
spur of the moment to allow luu to
participate at this moment when the news
of the Marshall Saints only son
participating in the tower of Trials
spread the already extremely hot
broadcast of the Tower of Trials was
directly adding fuel to the fire even
those ordinary people who didn't care
about this selection match were a bit
unable to calm down after hearing this
news Marshall Saints only son how old is
he to go to the Tower of
Trials yeah I remember it's only 3 years
old right going to the Tower of Trials
isn't that giving it away that's right
even if his talent is great it's
impossible for him to compare to those
who are heavily cultivated at the fifth
realm right that was their first re
action when they heard the
news however soon after realizing that
luu had killed 13 people in a single
moment each one of them widened their
eyes and exclaimed truly worthy of being
the son of a marshall Saint there were
some however whose first thought was
fake race definitely a fake match as
much as I hate to say it's a fake match
it
seems impossible to explain it away
except as a fake match that's right
those people are fifth realm heavy
cultivators or 13 of them and they can't
beat a three-year-old child what kind of
joke is that going up there and giving
away 13 heads is this not even an act
this is too fake as the news spread
luu's stunning performance was
immediately labeled as a fake match by a
group of conspiracy theorists and even
though they hadn't even bothered to look
at it their inherent self-consciousness
allowed them to directly decide that it
was a fake match after all it's just too
fake what kind of three-year-old child
can defeat a five realm heavy
cultivator even if he was gifted and
extraordinary it was already remarkable
that he was able to defeat a fifth realm
heavy
cultivator but he had killed 13 of them
as soon as he came up was that not false
even if he is the son of the Marshall
Saint it can't be that great can it
conspiracy theor spread very quickly
just for a while all kinds of
questioning voices can be said to rise
and fall especially in these years the
polarization of the upper and lower
classes these people were already
dissatisfied and at this moment it is
even more direct to take advantage of
the issue while they certainly didn't
dare to question the Marshall Saint and
belittle him the son of the Marshall
Saint wasn't a marshall Saint so this
kind of fake match Behavior was simply
discrediting the Marshall Saint they
even Justified their actions it was to
defend the honor of the Marshall saint
for the powerful special class to engage
in this kind of todry maneuver was
simply an insult to their
intelligence but soon when this reached
the years of the spectators who had been
watching the entire match these people
were instantly displeased and began to
retort fake race what kind of
joke is that you didn't watch the game
you just opened your mouth didn't you no
isn't it a bit much to call this a fake
game when you guys haven't even watched
the game yet yeah why don't you at least
go online and search the live Clips
before you comment true or false look at
the heart have a number if even did not
see it
put here to bring Rhythm that is either
stupid or bad but anyone who went to see
the game wouldn't have said that to be
honest if I hadn't watched this match
and suddenly heard this news I'm afraid
I'd be of the same mind as you
guys however after I watched the whole
thing I can only sigh with emotion that
he deserves to be the only son of the
Marshall Saint I also think he's
ridiculously strong but once I think
about being the son of a martial Saint
everything makes sense after being
rebutted the conspiracy theorists struck
back with here comes the water Army here
comes the water Army so soon don't
insult my
intelligence for a while the two sides
can be said to be arguing and quarreling
but also for this trial of the Tower of
the selection of the war add another
heat chapter 78 I'm not targeting anyone
I mean everyone here is trash in this
era the blue star as the great summer
Imperial Star had a total population of
roughly 20 billion as the saying goes
people come in all shapes and sizes in a
100 not to mention this huge base of 20
billion people there are almost all
types of people with huge numbers of
people even the the silliest of topics
can get many responses online some
so-called pacifists even condemn the
heroes who defended the human race
online saying that they were war
criminals and that the other alien races
in the universe were peaceloving and had
only been invaded by the humans so they
were forced to fight back these people
call for humans to return the planet and
make peace with the Fai so that there
will be no more Wars or deaths in the
future even such stupid statements get a
lot of fans and are considered
impermissible truths not to mention this
amazing performance by luu it's just not
unusual to be subjected to
controversy questions and even labeled
as sham Race by conspiracy theorists
when these people are refuted they
remain in the posture that they are the
ones who are right the internet is a
buzz with noise and the heat from this
fight continues to climb as of now there
are close to 10 billion viewers who have
watched the game
successively the number of people
watching online at the same time is a
whopping 5 billion the heat of it is to
say the least
exaggerated one must know that this was
only a selection battle for the Tower of
Trials and it wasn't even the Tower of
reincarnation where all the races
competed when more and more viewers sat
in front of the TV set and successively
flooded into the live broadcast room the
guy gu team responsible for the
broadcast one by one we're all
shocked what the hell the heat is still
up
outrageous the number of online viewers
is still growing the heat of this
competition is
unprecedented excitement was written all
over the faces of this group of guides
and the guys were exuberant with this
horrible statistic as the broadcast team
in charge of the broadcast they quickly
figured out the core reason for the high
level of heat the Marshall Saints only
son Lu U it's because of his presence
that the heat has spiked like crazy the
number of online viewers one after
another broke records the fame of the
Marshall Saint
naturally needed no introduction and
could be considered a household name the
entire human Community a thousand living
planets
rested on his shoulders alone as the
only son of the Marshall Saint he was
naturally the subject of thousands of
gazes and the attention was simply not
too high only
unusually he was too well protected and
rarely showed his face except for that
one New Year's blessing at New Year's
Eve and this time it was luu's second
appearance in the public eye still
appearing in the tower of Trials it's
all too normal to have a high level of
concern plus the fact that he had killed
13 opponents one after another as soon
as he came up caused an
uproar then came the unprecedented Heat
at the moment this group of Guides of
course know what the audience wants to
see without the slightest
hesitation the live broadcast Viewpoint
once again cut to the third battle Zone
to capture luu's footage
by all accounts what about over 200 War
zones that only cut over if an extremely
exciting battle is taking place but
because of luu's unrivaled heat the
guides unanimously decided to cut over
to the audience first the heat is so
exaggerated let's take advantage of it
first on camera War Zone 3 at the moment
luu's position was on the roof of a
12-story building he was seen with his
two small arms crossed around his chest
standing at the edge of the roof looking
down on the scene below with a
disdainful demeanor combined with his
tender face and Tiny body it Formed an
extreme
contrast when this condescending and
indifferent stance appeared in the
screen image all the viewers froze for a
moment no one had expected luu's
reappearance to be in such a posture at
this very moment the audience audience
could clearly feel even through the
screen Lou used disdainful
condescension it was as if in his
opinion none of the contestants from
this third battle Zone were worth his
attention it's not
personal rather it's everyone here
that's trash in the live broadcast room
of the network platform the viewers
opened their mouths and then one by one
they all became excited and frantically
launched pop-ups what a proud look loves
loves loved this
gesture this look it makes my soul
tremble see that look I'm not targeting
anyone I mean everyone here is trash
truly worthy of being the son of a
marshall Saint I'm
Invincible you guys feel free what a
wild stance how could one have such a
demeanor without absolute
strength that look that stance it's so
handsome sister I love it who was just
saying that luu is playing a fake match
there's no need to actually respond to
you guys at all just look at this look
and you'll know without absolute
strength how can one have such a posture
meanwhile the camera shifts The
Spectators followed l Ed gaze and could
see the tragic scene below the Flames of
the surrounding ruins continued to burn
a wisp of black smoke Rose at this
moment 10 minutes had passed as players
entered and hunted around to kill the
Heavenly Fury corpses for points those
heavenly Fury corpses naturally wouldn't
just sit back and wait to be
slaughtered therefore under the
organization of the Heavenly Fury corpse
King the Heavenly Fury corpse tide was
Unleashed if a single Heaven Fury corpse
it was naturally not a match for the
players after all the participants at
this stage had a certain level of
strength but when these Heaven Fury
corpses turned into a torrent The
scattered players could only be whisked
around like lost dogs there were also
some players that realized that this
would not work and that the heaven Fury
corpse King had to be taken care of
otherwise they will be eliminated sooner
or later but here's the problem who's
going to organize the team who's going
to attack the Heavenly Fury corpse King
players are by Nature competitors with
each other killing a Heaven's Fury
corpse only gave you one point but
killing a player gave you 10 points
under the constraints of this rule they
simply don't dare to give their backs to
others who's to say that you won't go
behind my back you is impossible to
unite the only way to get some points
for looking like that is to engage in
infighting many players took the time to
attack each other while being chased by
the Heaven's Fury corpses the players
side hadn't even United yet but the
Heavenly fiend corpse King couldn't help
but stepped down himself when he saw
that the Heavenly fiend corpses were too
slow in their
efficiency Dang Dang Dang Dang the sky
fiend corpse King's huge body
which was like a small Mountain looked
bulky and heavy but it moved extremely
quickly the ground trembled with every
footfall this heavenly fiend corpse King
was a third ranked monster almost no
player can match him totally one-sided
kills Killing In the Heat of the Moment
The Heavenly fiend corpse King let out a
want and exuberant Roar declaring his
absolute sovereignty over this area
there are also players who fight back
from the dead as people of the fifth
realm heavy
cultivation even though they were unable
to defeat the third order strength Sky
fiend corpse King with the body of the
first realm they had their own cards it
was a Pity that this desperate strike
did not cause any effect but instead it
caused this Heaven's Fury corpse king of
third order strength to go into berserk
mode Roar Dash when the Heavenly fiend
corpse King let out a furious Roar
all the players were chilled and each of
them realized that it was not good and
turned around to flee wishing they had
an extra leg when the camera cut to
luu's side in the face of the berserk
Heaven Fury corpse King his expression
did not change in the slightest only
that the small hand that was crossed and
encircled in front of his chest was
loosened and then he casually pulled out
the long sword at his waist all the
spectators were dumbfounded when they
saw the scene it's not what's he going
to do chapter 79 this is definitely open
and shut the strength of the heavens
Fury corpse King that had entered a
berserk state was already close to the
peak of the third rank almost the vast
majority of the audience seeing this
scene did not feel that anyone could
match it after all a third rank monster
equivalent to a Third Realm viscer
refining martial artist would have no
problem fighting hundreds of ordinary
first realm not to mention a monster of
this immense size that's harder to fix
placed in this one realm trial
Battlefield it was almost an invincible
existence however in the face of such a
monster luu even Advanced instead of
retreating and even Drew off the long
sword at his waste what this was going
to do was almost
self-evident in front of the screen
almost all the viewers furled their
brows and stared at the scene with dead
eyes some people exclaimed out in shock
some people showed
anticipation some people couldn't help
but exclaim in
admiration and some people watched the
fun no could it be that he's going to
fight this Heaven's Fury corpse King you
can't beat it that's a third order
monster don't go over there it's a
giveaway
it's crazy no matter what even if we
can't beat them as long as we dare to do
it this courage is amazing enough it's
got guts I like it let me see how it
goes go for it don't be a wimp haha
under the camera L was focused and
quietly waiting for his chance when the
sky fiend corpse King ran into the
vicinity
he held his sword in one hand and
violently leapt up this instant of speed
could be considered extremely fast
almost transforming into a stream of
light the sky fiend corpse King who had
run nearby suddenly realized something
and raised his head in shock above his
head luu raised his long sword this
sword was nothing more than a
standardized weapon provided by the
Tower of Trials and could not be
compared to the joli shin Ching sword
yet in luu's hands it even erupted into
a magnificent sword power and on top of
the sword body the sword Chi was spewing
out and it was almost condensed into
substance a man fleeing in fear sensed
that something was wrong and
subconsciously turned around then he saw
a scene that he would never
forget obviously luu's small body in
front of the Heavenly Fury corpse King
which is like a small Mountain
is so
inconspicuous but at this moment the two
sides actually reversed the pulls in
terms of imposing pressure luu actually
occupies the upper side his terrifying
sword power was like a lofty Mountain
supressing this tiny Heaven Fury corpse
king without a doubt realizing the
danger the Heavenly fiend corpse King
wailed out and try to resist nah
luu and his sword were just too fast
fast after he appeared above the sky
fiend corpse king's head he had changed
from a one-handed sword wielding stance
to a two-handed sword wielding stance
and the moment he swung his sword
streams of light
overflowed and his sword intent was like
fire po Luman sword light this was sword
Emperor Jaan yuan's personally
transmitted move and at this moment it
had been skillfully grasped by luu and
perfectly displayed in the huge pupil of
the Heavenly fiend corpse King that tiny
child the speed of his sword was so fast
that it was difficult for it to keep up
before he could reach out to return the
favor the massive head had been sliced
off in its entirety all it felt was the
perspective spinning and slowly it saw
its own massive body and then its head
rolled to the ground with a loud thud up
to this point the battle that seemed to
be one-sided in favor of the Heavenly
fiend corpse came ended with one side
going in favor of luu when this scene
appeared in the middle of the screen all
the viewers were stunned one by one all
of them were wide-eyed and their mouths
were so wide open that they could almost
fit an apple even those who knew luu's
power beforehand had not expected at all
that he would really be able to
decapitate the Heavenly Fury corpse
king's head with a single stroke of his
sword the impact of this image was
simply too great causing them to be
stunned speechless even if they were
somewhat mentally prepared not to
mention the audience who were full of
doubts about luu at this moment each and
every one of them could no longer
believe their eyes in the moment luu
jumped down they even thought that the
Heavenly Fury corpse king would swallow
this child in one
mouthful after all what's the difference
between this kind of crazy behavior and
sending people to their deaths however
they never dreamed that Lu you would be
able to solve the Heavenly Fury corpse
king with a single sword off the charts
this is
outrageous this kind of feeling as if
the atmosphere is tense boss level the
boss's blood bar makes people scalp numb
the value makes people
dumbfounded but the result is suddenly
rushed out
alv one small character a flat a will
almost full blood boss to the second
this is absolutely open to hang
it these people subconsciously wanted to
question it yet Lu 's speed sword Chi
sword momentum and that terrifying sword
just now were definitely not something
that could be explained by the simple
word cheating to cross over and kill a
third order Heavenly fiend corpse came
with the posture of the first realm this
kind of celestial posture was enough to
make everyone gasp in awe and be
convinced In This Moment the previous
rumors of a fake match turned directly
into a joke a special operation for the
powerful a fake race to fool people I
just can't help but blush a little when
I think of all the things that were once
said and those viewers who had retorted
for luu after the sword chop immediately
got on their mouths and asked those
people to come out and continue to face
each other let's see if you guys can
continue to bark bark again to hear ah
no doubt deleting posts playing dead
slipping and kneeling how would anyone
dare to continue the thread slightly
tougher mouth immediately be group
ridicule not a little power to fight
back and then scolded to drop small
pearls in front of the TV screen the
little chubby pin Yun applauded
excitedly then proudly exclaimed my big
brother is also too powerful it really
deserves to be my big brother the
middle-aged man on the side couldn't
help but glance at this little guy when
he heard this no how amazing luu's play
is has nothing to do with you why are
you so proud of me the little chubby pin
yum Li however did not feel embarrassed
at all and turned his head to look at
the middle-aged man and asked Dad my big
brother is
awesome right it's awesome shinon nodded
and praised to be able to perfectly use
the extreme luminescent sword likee with
the stance of the first realm this kind
of talent this kind of
qualification is truly
breathtaking extreme Lumen sword light
what is that little tubby froze for a
moment and hurriedly asked Shin Yong
explained Jiao sword Emperor set of
famous stunts the luminescent sword
light is just one of them even though
it's an introductory move it's really a
bit of an exaggeration for a first realm
martial artist to be able to learn it I
really didn't expect Lou won's son his
sword Dow talent to be so powerful no
wonder the sword Emperor Xiao who had
been silent for so long couldn't help
himself and directly accepted him as his
disciple with this kind of Sword Dow
Talent it wouldn't be too much to say
that it's astonishing Shen yunai seldom
heard his dad praising others so much
his eyes widened as he asked once again
then will Big Brother be able to get
first place in the tower of Trials shiny
young thought for a moment and said this
kind of strength if placed in the past
taking the first place is simply not too
easy but he put the word out and Drew a
lot of people to the table the fierce
competition for the top 10 of the Tower
of Trials this time around is I'm afraid
unprecedented so it's still an open
question as to what the outcome will be
I really didn't expect that the little
Tower of Trials would be so exciting
interesting interesting Shin yunai
subconsciously nodded as he listened to
his father's words then glanced at the
heroes of the Granda group along with
luu's sword the group had completely
exploded at this moment countless
messages are being frantically
refreshed chapter 80 first in the three
regions
Celestial Pride gathered in the heroes
of dashia chat group a group of sand
sculptured groupies were so excited
after seeing the
broadcast as with the little fat pin Yun
Li one is proud and honored at this
moment the messages were constantly
refreshing but in an instant the chat
messages were already $9.99 plus good
lord it's more lively than New Year's
Eve Shin Yun was shocked he hastily
pulled up to the top to see exactly what
they had been talking about the first
words were Big Brother
cowhide vibrating sound when this was
said the crowd copied and pasted as if
they were robots and started repeating
it big brother cowhide shock sounds Big
Brother cowhide shock sounds
it took a while for a new phrase to come
not bad for a big brother as a result
the following people started copying and
pasting again many copied messages were
followed by a new phrase this era
belongs to Big Brother good lord it's
back on repeat again and again and again
Shin Yun Li see here cannot help but be
a little
speechless these people are
repeaters do not know to discuss it
properly
I said how just a moment of effort
directly dry to 999 plus feelings come
like this ah soon after chin Yuni
flipped to the latest chat message and
someone posted boss this sword is really
too cool the result is a series of
identical messages immediately below
when chin yunai saw this he wanted to
stand up and shout out to stop being a
repeater let's all have a good
discussion
as a result his fingers slipped
accidentally copied and pasted and then
sent it out also became a happy repeater
Marshall Saints residence Lu Chang Chang
had a rare free moment to go home and at
the moment he and Bay yuya were sitting
in front of the TV watching the live
broadcast of the Tower of Trials when
she saw that luu had successively killed
133 people and ranked first in the three
region
surprise was written all over by yuya's
face little luu is actually so powerful
Bay yuyo said with great surprise then
couldn't help but glance at Lu Chan
Chang as a result Lu changing just
nodded with a calm face as if it was a
matter of course by yuo froze feeling as
if she was making a
fuss however soon after when luu swung
out his luminescent sword light and
killed the third ranked monster with a
single stroke of his sword Bay yuya once
again widened her eyes and couldn't help
but sigh in awe little luu this is too
powerful this time this performance is
enough to call it amazing with the
posture of the first realm he chopped
off the head of a third rank monster
with a single sword ending the battle in
an instant such a performance was one of
only a handful even in the entire human
race
moreover those people had either
purposely suppressed their Realms or had
retraced their cultivation paths at the
peak of the fifth realm but Lu you was
the only one who after only a month of
cultivation had already made it this far
this made by yuoi and all completely not
expecting her son to display such a
world unrivaled appearance bayu Yao
couldn't help but take another look at
Lu Chang xang and it turned out that his
expression was still calm only a faint
smile appeared at the corner of his
mouth a look of relief by yuyo it's not
little luu has only been practicing for
a month and he killed a third order
monster with one sword aren't you
surprised not surprised at all it seems
as if knew this already how many other
things are these two couples hiding from
themselves
by Yu ya felt a little strange
previously it was obviously her who had
been accompanying luu all the time while
Lu chonging could only come back almost
once a month so how did it turn out that
he knew luu better than she did you've
known this for a long time by Yu Yao
couldn't help but ask no what Lu Chang
xang asked a little
strangely you already knew that Lu you
was so powerful yet you didn't tell me
you were planning to see my scared silly
expression weren't you by Yu Yao
couldn't help but complain when Lu Chang
xang heard this he smiled and shook his
head of course not I didn't realize
previously that he was already this
powerful then you're not surprised
either by Yu Yao couldn't help but say
he is my Lu changing son isn't it normal
to have such a skill Lu Chang xang said
so with a proud expression on his face
by Yu ya couldn't help but freeze when
she heard these words that were taken
for granted and after a long while she
said in that case it seems that I'm the
only one who doesn't have much
confidence in him by yuo thought of half
a month ago when little luu had told her
that he was going to participate in this
reincarnation Tower trial and that he
was going to top the list I want to let
the 10,000 races of the universe know
that the son of a Marshall saint has an
unlimited future at that time bayu ya
felt that the little guy was too blindly
confident but it was not good to
continue to fight so he perfunctorily
passed with a sentence of cheer who
would have thought that luu would have
traveled to this height without even
realizing it no wonder he was able to
put out that
bravado what's wrong Lu Chang xang saw
the change in Bay yuya's complexion and
hurly asked bayu ya then talk about what
happened before when Lu Chang Chang
heard these words the smile on his face
grew a little whiter yes yes yes so true
truly the Grandeur Rises I want to
compete with the god of Heaven A Genius
of the 10,000 Clans so what he's my Lu
changing son the 60-minute battle was
over quickly with one
753 points luu easily placed first and
advanced directly to the final stage
more than 200 War zones 10,000 people in
each war zone and only 50 people
Advanced so that the war zone for the
finals was also almost at 10,000 people
only compared to the uneventfulness of
the third battle zone I'm afraid that
the Battle Zone of the finals will be
extremely intense at that that time more
than 200 War zones all the top
Geniuses all gathered together there was
no doubt that these 10,000 or so people
were the true top Geniuses of blue star
the battle that ensued just thinking
about it made one's blood boil the final
of the Tower of Trials is in 30 minutes
but luu was already looking forward to
it as he exited War Zone 3 luu glanced
at the system panel in the virtual world
the system could also be seen Fong had
quite a few highlight moments in the
third
Battlefield and with his special status
he should be captured by the camera and
broadcasted in doing so it might be
possible to get some recognition and
increase the progress bar for the fourth
stage of the quest thinking so Lou you
hastened to take a look sure enough the
current Mission progress is is
95/100 with only five points of progress
missing Lu you would be able to complete
this fourth stage of the ultimate Quest
then you will be able to obtain the
absolute best Heaven and Earth wonders I
have to say it's not easy this task
before and after had been grinding away
for almost a month and there was finally
hope that it would be
accomplished soon l left the third
battle Zone and returned to the VIP room
where xia wuan was Xiao Jing had already
returned here and he looked at luu with
a face of adoration as he hurriedly said
big brother you're back aha luu nodded
then asked how are you doing chapter 81
Championship seating start of finals he
he he Xiao Jing laughed and hurriedly
said
not as good as big brothers first place
I'm
49th barely advancing to the finals not
bad luu was a bit
surprised to be honest he hadn't really
expected Xiao Jing to be able to advance
after all it was now the second half of
the Tower of Trials and the intensity
was very
considerable it was easy for him but not
so easy for Xiao Jing
the fact that he was able to kill his
way out of such a situation was proof of
jouging strength but on second thought
it was right he was after all the son of
the Marshall Emperor his talent was
already considered top-notch compared to
normal people and these days of hellish
training Xiao Jing also gritted his
teeth and stuck to it many growths
naturally needless to say I just had
better luck Xiao Jin said with some
embarrassment it wasn't just his
strength that allowed him to advance it
was also somewhat related to his luck
without the last wave of pickups it
would have been impossible to advance
luck is also part of strength Lu you
said without thinking although I say so
with a strength like mine once I enter
the final Battlefield I'll be Canon
fodder Xiao Jing said with a bitter
smile
don't think too much the finals start in
half an hour take a good rest and adjust
your condition first luu shook his head
good Xiao Jing nodded Master luu turned
his head to look at xia wuan and smiled
as he opened his mouth to ask how did I
do just now Xiao
wuan who was on the side still had a
calm face and when he heard this he just
nodded and said it's not bad this
evaluation was rather
reluctant after all in his opinion this
match was nothing more than a small test
with luu's strength it was simply too
stable to be true and basically there
would be no accidents luu raised an
eyebrow and couldn't help but ask didn't
Master see me use the extreme
luminescent sword light your comment is
too forced jaia wuan glanced at him
you've been practicing hard for 15 days
and you can use the sword is it very
impressive luu skimmed his lips fine he
also knew that Master had never been a
knife mouth tofu heart and it was simply
not too difficult to get him to
compliment into his face so it looks
like it's just a matter of getting to
the final Battlefield and putting on a
good show
luu sat down on the sofa to rest and
casually read the news on the internet
with the end of this battle in the tower
of Trials and the imminent final stage
the heat was at an all-time high and
discussion threads could be seen
everywhere the most numerous of them
were naturally posts about Marshall
Saints only son luu he killed the third
rank monsters with a single Sword and
the ease with which he traveled
throughout was considered by many to be
the champion seed for the final of this
Tower of Trials
many
nettis marveling and praising in all
kinds of ways simply want to praise luu
to the sky luu then glanced at the
heroes of the great summer chat group
naturally there is no need to say more
in the group a group of sand sculpture
groupmates madly repeating words of
Praise constantly blowing luu's rainbow
farts as if the champion of the Tower of
Trials is already his bag in general
however the sand sculptured groupmates
blew to the back and blew too much not
to mention the first of the human race
even the first of the universe came it
was as if that reincarnation Tower had
all become luu's exclusive stage with
all sorts of supreme rewards that had
been booked in
advance nice guy luu did not dare to
open the champagne in advance sand
sculpture group of friends to help him
open seeing this luu couldn't help but
shake his head the current H him was
under pressure to take the number one
spot in the human race let alone the
number one spot in the universe instead
of being Swept Away by the pump and
Circumstance he came to his senses at
once if you are really blind to
everything then you underestimate the
heroes of the world luu returned to his
senses and hurriedly searched the
internet for the information he needed
because there are over 200
battlefields but only one shot of the
broadcast basically every shot is a very
colorful battle the wizen ntis then
categorized the players expected to win
the title from these shots and luu is
one of them the reason for picking him
is simple even though he was very young
and had only been cultivating for a
short while lacking the advantage of a
Dharma body he had already mastered
emperor jian's extreme luminescent sword
light and his battle proess could be
considered
extraordinary so he had a certain
probability of winning the title when
luu saw this he couldn't help but be a
little
surprised he didn't expect this
categorized nison to actually know about
the extreme luminescent sword light it
had to be said that no matter if it was
Insight or eyesight it was very good luu
nodded and hurriedly looked at the other
play who were expected to win the
championship in a situation where the
strengths were equal obtaining
intelligence information was quite
crucial other than him those who were
expected to win the championship were
basically all Dharma body
powerhouses Dharma body this is the
higher state of the golden body after
the fifth realm Powerhouse has finished
casting the golden body the next step is
their own martial arts method which is
melted into the golden body
thus forming the Dharma body any Dharma
body Powerhouse was in existence at the
peak of the fifth Rank and it was
expected to condense its Dharma phase
and break through the sixth rank to
become a patriarch
Powerhouse of course after they retraced
the path of
cultivation their golden bodies were
completely shattered and their Dharma
bodies became broken and they could only
utilize a very small portion of their
original
strength however even with a broken
Dharma body in the first realm it was
basically an existence that walked
horizontally luu carefully looked at
these people's
information silently memorizing their
names looks and Dharma
attributes and special
abilities Jong donga Jing XI
xiaojin zongi Wu Hong Jaa Jun siai
shuang
xuang why do you still see the name of
an acquaintance luu unexpectedly raised
an eyebrow it has a detailed description
of the
information the chu family had produced
three Marshall Emperors Shu yangang as
the only son of the chu family's
contemporary family head was very
talented and for the sake of this
reincarnation Tower he had forcibly
suppressed his realm for three or four
years although his performance in the
battle just now wasn't exactly
eye-catching he easily Advanced to the
first place and both his strength and
underlying strength should not be
underestimated therefore he was judged
to be seated for the
championship luu couldn't help but smile
when he saw this luu was looking forward
to touching him on the battlefield of
the finals time passed quickly the break
was only 30 minutes and and it passed in
a Flash the final battle of the Tower of
Trials was about to begin when the
competition reached this stage it was
already not only the locals of blue star
who were paying attention even people
from other planets were also paying
attention after all compared to the
highquality duel in the blue stars Tower
of Trials their home planet selection
trial was not worth mentioning at all
gradually the heat of this final was no
longer limited to the blue star it began
to expand to the entire Grand seat and
even the entire human
Community even people from other
countries also cast their eyes over
under the countless gazes of
anticipation the finals of the Tower of
Trials officially began chapter 82 final
Battlefield I found you a curtain of
light appeared before luu's eyes you are
about to be teleported to the final
Battlefield of the Tower of Trials do
you accept this time there are only two
choices down there
accepted
rejected luu did not hesitate and
directly tapped except this time there
was no buffering or waiting luu was
directly transported to the final
Battlefield with a flash in front of his
eyes so fast luu was a bit surprised and
immediately looked around
it was an icy
Wasteland with clouds shrouding the
large mountains in the distance
surrounded by bushes and piles of rocks
everywhere it's deserted and
uninhabited the wind was howling more
than a little the sky was Dripping with
a bit of snow and the temperature was
around zero in the distant clouds a
group of large white birds could be
vaguely seen flying around their
circumference was even surrounded by
Electric Light
at a glance it was clear that they were
not mortal
creatures at the same time text prompts
appeared before luu's eyes you have been
teleported to the fifth level of the
Tower of Trials the first battle Zone
the name of the theater is the northern
wastes the total number of players in
this theater is
13
150 the battle will begin in 300 seconds
and at this stage the player is
Invincible the rules of the northern
Wilderness are as follows kill a rock
Thunderbird and receive 50 points kill a
rock Thunderbird King and gain 1,000
points if you kill a player you will
receive half of that player's points and
if that player has less than 20 points
you will automatically receive 10 points
players may choose to abstain and simply
exit the final
Battlefield abstaining will result in a
l loss of 50% of their current points it
is important to note that within a
certain amount of time of a battle with
a player it is not possible to choose to
Forfeit the total duration of the trial
is 3 hours please enjoy the hunt and
kill the final stage as opposed to
before has an additional rule
forfeit however you can't abstain from
fighting a player for a certain amount
of time or or else you can't fight and
then abstain and the other player
doesn't get any points and that's just
nasty officials have obviously taken
this into account after luu finished
reading the rules he looked up again and
a number of people appeared around him
one after another when these people saw
luu their faces changed and without the
slightest
hesitation they turned around and ran
luu couldn't help but laugh
am I that scary how come when you see me
it's like seeing a
ghost however while these people fear
him some do not those people were even
actively searching for luu wanting to
battle Him in
Advance as a matter of fact they had
participated in this Tower of Trials
just to try out luu's depths and see how
accomplished the son of the Marshall
Saint was wanting to see if he was as
Heaven defying as the rumors had it
these people mostly the Sons and
Daughters of powerful Nobles who had
inserted themselves in halfway each one
of them had extraordinary strength and
at the fifth realm they were able to
battle against Zone master
powerhouses and had even defeated some
Zone
Masters they chose to retrace their
cultivation path in order to get the top
places in The Reincarnation Tower and
obtain the Supreme treasure coming to
participate in the tower of Trials was
just to have some fun and at this moment
having teleported here one by one they
were just like they were traveling
wandering around looking for a target
with no hint of pressure at all as time
passed by the invincibility soon came to
an end is it a hunt or killing many
players looked around all pondering this
question the rock Thunderbird flew too
high for the first realm to fly and
without a long range weapon It could
only stare for a moment so it seems that
this level is encouraging players to
fight each other just when the players
were thinking this the mutation was
sudden amidst the clouds the flock of
rock Thunderbirds spotted the humans
Trail and without the slightest
hesitation they immediately swooped down
they swooped down extremely fast
almost approaching the speed of sound
only when these Rock Thunderbirds got a
little closer did the players realize
how huge it was with a pair of wings
spread out it was more than 10 ft wide
and it would not be an exaggeration to
say that it covered the sky in the Sun
as they swooped down
unstoppably almost all the players
panicked escape a realm can't be any
faster than the speed of sound hiding on
top of the
Wilderness there was no cover just a
bunch of low bushes and nowhere to hide
all the players were like enemies
gripping the weapons in their hands
tightly soon after when The Rock
Thunderbird swooped down it simply
grabbed the player with a light grip as
casually as an eagle would grab a
chicken these players struggled and
waved their weapons in their hands
trying to cut off the cloth of the rock
Thunderbird but as a result when these
weapons cut into the claws they actually
made the sound of knives and iron
striking each other while Sparks were
flying everywhere not to mention cutting
off the claws and even leaving behind
traces was barely possible
apparently the claws are the hardest
part of the rock
Thunderbird each of these captured
players had stunned faces their eyes
filled with disbelief
even though they were all clear that the
final Battlefield of the Tower of Trials
was definitely very difficult but they
still didn't expect this final to be as
difficult as this it's just an ordinary
Rock
Thunderbird but it already has the
strength of a third ranked monster put
it in front of you this is all boss
Presence by the finals it's turned into
a glitch wouldn't that rock Thunderbird
King be an existence of the fourth or
even fifth rank you're telling me this
is a first order
Battlefield it's simply not too
outrageous okay it was said that the
blue stars Tower of Trials was modeled
after The Reincarnation Tower and the
difficulty of each layer was quite a bit
lower than that of The Reincarnation
Tower but this was only the fifth floor
of the Tower of Trials and it was this
high of a difficulty what about the
sixth and seventh floors behind it what
about the eighth floor the ninth floor
that's
unimaginable the Tower of
reincarnation on the other hand was
going to be harder than the Tower of
Trials after these players realized this
one by one they all resigned themselves
to their fate helplessly closing their
eyes and giving up their struggle and
there were even some players that chose
to abstain on the spot directly
withdrawing from the battlefield of the
finals at this This Moment The Rock
Thunderbird was merely round of swooping
and the players present were directly
reduced by
on10th since there were not many Rock
Thunderbirds most players were lucky and
escaped as a result of course there were
also some players who with their own
strength directly decimated the swooping
Rock
Thunderbirds for example Lu U the moment
he dodged that claw
he simply raised his hand and sliced off
the rock Thunderbirds head with a single
stroke of his sword the strength of this
rock Thunderbird was nothing more than
an ordinary third stage which was tricky
for others but not a problem for luu it
was easy enough to fix 50 points to hand
luu raised his head as The Rock
Thunderbirds finished catching the wave
of people they hid into the clouds again
seemingly returning to the top of of the
mountain in the distance as for those
players who had been taken whether they
were dead or alive was still an unknown
but it was clear that the odds were
stacked against them so here's the
question will those Rock Thunderbirds
come back after they've captured this
group the results are obvious and it's
sure to come back the remaining players
not taking any chances were well aware
of one thing in other words they had to
ear enough points before the rock
Thunderbird came over so that even if
they died at that time they could still
acquire a decent ranking from there they
would be able to get a ticket to The
Reincarnation Tower what follows can be
very tragic luu suddenly sensed
something and raised his
eyebrows right at this moment a 3M tall
giant descended from the sky like a
meteorite hitting the ground with a loud
bang complex inscriptions could be
vaguely seen on its body and the skin of
its entire body was like steel blowing
with a metallic luster it was clearly a
Dharma body
Powerhouse he looked up at luu who was
not far away and grinned wildly his
voice full of excitement as he spoke I
Found You The Marshall Saints only son
luu it's you luu said with some surprise
as he looked at the person in front of
him chapter 83 lies never hurt the truth
is the quick sword before the finals
began luu had seen a list detailing the
players expected to win the
championship the total number of people
was about 10 or so and without exception
they were all top-notch experts it is
said that some people in here are here
specifically for him just to see how
much he the son of the Marshall Saint
really weighed for example this was the
case with the strong man in front of him
who was more than 3 m tall his name was
Jang donga he used to be at the peak of
the fifth realm just one step away from
breaking through the sixth realm to
become a patriarch it was said that even
the Dharma phase was on the verge of
congealing but he chose to take the path
of cultivation again which could be very
surprising Jong donga looked at luu and
asked with some surprise you know me luu
nodded of course I know you you are at
the peak of the fifth realm fully
condensing your Dharma body and already
mastering a portion of the Dharma phase
I didn't expect that even you have
retraced your cultivation path scared
Jong donga stared at luu and said with a
smile that's right I did bully the small
with the big however you are the son of
a Marshall Saint after all so let me
test your accomplishments and see how
much you weigh although this is an
unfair battle you have to understand
that there is no fairness in this
universe in the first place if you can't
even get past me how can you defeat the
outer race
Geniuses if you're afraid of this then I
advise you to never go to The
Reincarnation Tower to disgrace yourself
and discredit Lord Marshall Saint
speaking of this Jang dong gazai carried
some fervor in them and it was clear
that he was an admirer of the Marshall
Saint luu didn't get angry when he heard
these words he looked up at this big guy
and said with a smile you know what I've
heard a very accurate comment about you
people who are heavy cultivators of the
fifth realm do you know what it is what
evaluation Jong donga subconsciously
asked when he heard this what other
comment is there on this bullying
bullying unfair
competition the evaluation is
straightforward You Fifth realm heavy
cultivators are nothing but a bunch of
trash luu said
seriously hearing these words Jung donga
first froze his face instantly became a
bit odd as he narrowed his eyes and
looked at luu what did you say luu
laughed and continued if you guys
weren't wastes then you wouldn't have
chosen to destroy the Foundation
wouldn't you just wait for the opening
of the five Realms reincarnation Tower
to put it bluntly it's still a lack of
self-confidence that makes you want to
focus on the path of
cultivation and you still want to
dominate with that little insignificant
Advantage a truly strong person who
would choose to destroy their foundation
and
recultivated so you're just a bunch of
losers fifth realm just facing a punk
like you and actually thinking I'd be
afraid haha you're quite the Joker Jung
donga had wanted to tease luu so he said
something but he didn't want to but in
turn he was m and every word was a
heartbreaker as the saying goes a lie
never hurts the truth is the quick sword
if one truly had an invincible heart who
would choose to retrace the path of
cultivation listen to these words Jung
Dong's eyes widened and his brain buzzed
he wanted to retort but he didn't know
how or where to retort this comment was
a top-down comment mostly from the mouth
of a powerful person and associating it
with luu's identity could it be said in
this instant his metallic colored skin
which was already like steel was
actually starting to Ren at this moment
it was straight up red warmth
ah Dash Jong donga was Furious and
stumped the ground violently causing the
Earth to crack as he pointed at luu and
said
angrily
originally I wanted to be
merciful but now you've angered me in
the
meantime the invisible live camera in
the sky broadcast the scene in its
entirety the group of guides who could
be said to have been paying attention to
luu the entire entire time immediately
gave the camera a shot after seeing him
decapitate The Rock Thunderbirds head at
the moment someone runs over to
challenge it much less miss this heavy
hitter a powerful man of the Dharma body
fighting the only son of the Marshall
Saint the host's voice was
impassioned after killing the rock
Thunderbird luu encountered his first
strong opponent the points leader of
Battle Zone
17 the Dharma body Powerhouse Jung donga
the seated player who was expected to
win the
championship he came straight at luu
without the slightest
hesitation at this time the camera was
given to Jong donga his tall body steel
colored skin perfectly proportioned
muscles and tattered Dharma
inscriptions all of which proved his
toughness when he appeared on the stage
like a meteorite falling to the ground
all the spectators Hearts trembled you
call this a realm of one
obviously although the realm was a realm
the
strength however was not a realm
subsequently is the conversation between
the two but also Tit for Tat in Jang
donga that sentence if this is afraid
then do not go to The Reincarnation
Tower to disgrace but even more people
angry but do not know how to refute
after all this jung-dong Pavilion was
indeed very strong even Jiang banga
couldn't help but speak up cousin donga
is also too
overbearing why did he specifically come
over to Target brother luu the beautiful
woman on the side smiled and said but
there is some truth in what he said
which makes sense now Jang bangu
bristled on the other side the little
fat Pier ch Yun couldn't help but clench
his fists when he saw the scene Jang
dong was strong it was a powerful son of
a powerful man who was one round older
than them this kind of strength
oppression was truly
astonishing but isn't that bullying a
child it's so
unfair in the
meantime When bayu ya saw this scene she
couldn't help but Furrow her brows and
said with some
dissatisfaction this young family brat
why is he even engaging in targeting Lu
Chang Shing didn't care either the Tower
of Trials is meant to kill each other
it's normal to have targeting isn't this
group of little guys competing just for
luu the reasoning was this but bayu yo
was still a bit upset just then luu
spoke the question he threw out was not
only curious to Jang donga but even the
countless viewers in front of the screen
were also a bit curious an accurate
assessment what's that soon after louu
gave his answer waste Jang bangu froze
little fat pin Yi froze even by Yu Yao
froze almost all of the audience froze
no one expected that Lu you would give
such a comment next luu even gave an
explanation in an unflinching tone along
with each of luu's words JN Dong's
expression Changed by one point when luu
finished speaking his entire body was
Furious and the red temperature was
visible to the naked eye all the
audience couldn't help but laugh out
loud at the scene
haha
rush rush he was in a hurry when BYU ya
saw this scene she couldn't help but
smile and say this little mouth laboring
he's really good at talking just a few
words and he's pissed off Jong donga
like this Lu Chong Shong who was on the
side was stunned when he heard these
words he saw the shadow of xiaan Yuan
was he the one who taught luu like this
how damaging chapter 84 next arguing
with a small child like luu it was
really a shame to win the argument and
even more shame to lose it at this
moment Jang donga had already regretted
why he had to say so much
nonsense he violently stepped on the
ground his entire body was like a
cannonball directly pressed over then
raised his thick arm and smashed it this
smash was like a Heavenly fall luu's
reaction was quick and he violently
retreated while swinging his sword Red
Dust sword technique kill under the
light of the sword JN donga who was in a
state of Rage had already lost his mind
and spirit and at this moment he was
even in a trance as if he could see the
Marshall St L changing looking at him in
disappointment what a waste you're
already at the peak of the fifth realm
yet you don't have the slightest bit of
self-confidence and you've actually
chosen to retrace your path of
cultivation the path of a martial artist
never goes forward why are you going
backwards when Jan donga heard this he
was so ashamed that he couldn't wait to
kill himself
immediately I I suddenly he reacted and
instantly saw through the illusion which
made him see the sword light in front of
him coming straight towards his neck
what an Insidious Sword move almost got
hit Jang donga raised his hand violently
and the sword light collided into his
arm at first there was a crisp sound
followed by an unpleasant sound of Zera
under this sword a bone deep gash
appeared on Jang Dong's arm if he is
chopped to the neck he is
eliminated what a powerful sword it can
actually pierce my mind Jong donga
laughed instead of being angry his arm
muscles continued to wriggle and quickly
stop the flow of blood immediately
afterward the tattered inscriptions on
his huge body blossomed with a
shimmering light and his entire Aura
went to the next level luu could clearly
feel that those tattered inscriptions
were continuously strengthening his
physical body next his speed will soar
and his attacks will be stronger boom
Jung donga slammed on the ground and
directly disappeared in place luu raised
his head only Jang donga appeared in
midair like the rock Thunderbird from
earlier and swooped towards luu it was
an attack from the sky luu's face became
grave in the face of D Jang Dong's
attack he did not Retreat let alone flee
but slowly raised the sword in his hand
the sword was like an abyss the sword
intent surged wildly and the sword Chi
was
rampant very different from the of the
luminescent sword light with less
spirituality and much more Fury this
sword was likewise a move personally
passed down by sword Emperor xia wanan
and its name was extreme demon Punisher
to suppress evil with evil and to punish
the Devil With the Devil more evil than
evil more devilish than devil before the
sword came out Jang donga had already
realized that it was not good he clearly
felt the trickiness of this sword his
scalp was numb for a while but at this
moment it was already like the arrow
that had left the string and there was
no way to turn back must spell Jung
Dong's eyes glared round staring at
luu's sword as he roared out kill he
just didn't believe it he was unable to
defeat this little doll even though he
was a peak fifth realm heavy
cultivator the moment he rushed down luu
swung this sword
backhandedly countless sword lights as
if they were raging
storms continuously cut into Jung Dong's
body
[Laughter]
P Arms were cut open thighs were
slashed chests were sliced open
and in just an instant Jung donga was
almost transformed into a bloody man
however his physical body defense was
indeed terrifying to the extreme and
under the increase of the Dharma body
inscription he was able to resist this
demon Punisher when luu saw this scene
he was not
surprised his own hand of extreme demon
punishment was not yet perfect its power
was lacking killing from The Wild Storm
of Sword light Jang donga violently
whacked his fist over this is his Sure
Shot
die however luu's speed was yet faster
his palms lightly stepped on the ground
as if he had already predicted this
strike and he directly retreated
backward dodging the move once again it
would have been a bit difficult to dodge
the strike but the demon Punisher sword
caused a certain amount of
deceleration which gave him a chance to
avoid it boom the ground was directly
smashed out of a huge deep pit debris
was flying around at the speed of a
bullet you in the middle of the deep pit
Jong Dong's eyes widened completely not
expecting luu's speed to be so fast what
are you running for I'm a sword martial
artist and if I fail in a single strike
I'll disappear a thousand miles away you
think I'm like you a
barbarian who just knows how to be
Reckless luu said in
disbelief although he has the power of
the natural dragon and tiger but after
all his age is still small and cannot be
fully played out really in these
muscular barbarians hard that would be
silly Jung donga was speechless when he
heard this having eaten a demon Punisher
move hard he was in a poor State at the
moment bleeding all over his body and he
couldn't even control his muscles to
completely block it the party Sure Fire
strike was even dodged by luu at an
extremely fast speed this made Jong
Dong's heart sink to the bottom a sense
of for boing arose in his heart could it
be that he was really going to lose to
this little doll
luu this Jung Dong's face was ugly to
the extreme before this match he had
told a few of his close friends Marshall
Saints only son I heard that he is
extremely talented more than a demon let
me try him out and see what he's made of
let's see if he's as Heaven defying as
the rumors say at that time when he said
these words he did not put luu in his
eyes at all but he did not want to be
defeated at this moment at the moment
moment with the movement of the fight
here one after another people approached
from all around a few of them were
clearly the few people who had come
specifically to snipe luu Jing XI Shia
jein zongi Wu Hong jaao Jun
siai several people were Al Peak five
realm heavy
cultivators their strength was on par
with this Jung donga all of them were
champion and
seeds however in their eyes the champion
of the Tower of Trials and the rankings
were nothing at all coming to test the
depths of luu the Marshall Saints only
son was their sole purpose at the moment
coming from all around it can be
described as
aggressive however when they came over
and saw Jang Dong's wretched appearance
each one of them was a bit surprised
and then they couldn't help but flirt
brother donga do you want some help John
donga why are you in such a sorry State
could it be that you're going to lose it
seems that this Marshall Saints only son
is really something haha didn't you say
it's good to bully children how come
you're being bullied by a kid JN donga
can you do it if you can't back off let
me do it Jang Dong's face became even
more ugly when he heard the flirting of
the few people around him he opened his
mouth and was just about to speak when
luu who was not far away spoke first luu
looked at these people with full concern
waved his hand and said don't make noise
and don't make trouble first come first
served one by one line up of course
if you can't wait you can all go
together hearing this the faces of these
few people could be quite wonderful they
hadn't really thought that Lu you would
be even wilder than them directly asking
them to come together but although luu
said so but they still have
self-respect it was originally a big
bully bullying the weak and how can it
be good to go together if they did go
together it would really disgrace the
family luu saw that they had no
intention of going together so he
stopped talking nonsense and raised his
hand to strike the sword pull Luman
sword light as this sword chopped out
where could Jong donga who didn't have
much battle spirit continue to resist
his huge body after being struck by the
sword slowly collapsed immediately
seeing the power of this sword with
their own eyes the rest of the few
people's eyelids jumped and it was
obvious that none of them had expected
that luu's attainments and the da of the
sword had reached this point
luu however raised the long sword in his
hand and opened his mouth to shout next
chapter 85 is this the end the battle
between Jan Dona and luu could be
described as very exciting with extreme
power on one side and a sharp sword on
the other however it was luu who was
ultimately the better fighter and
managed to cut jiangdong down to size if
he was still at the peak of the fifth
realm then these few swords of Lu you
wouldn't even be able to break his
defense let alone kill him however he
had destroyed his golden body and
retraced his cultivation path and at
this moment he was only at the peak of
the first realm and both his attack and
defense had been drastically
reduced that was why luu had killed him
with just three swords but these three
swords were not simple each one was a
killing move so much so that after three
consecutive swords almost half of the
chi in his body had been used up it had
to be said that this jang-dong Pavilion
was indeed a difficult opponent a peak
fifth realm heavy cultivation was truly
extraordinary but it is by facing such a
strong enemy headon that one can
discover one's own
shortcomings luu was vaguely able to
understand the true purpose of Master
allowing himself to participate in the
tower of Trials a bitter
cultivation even if the talent is high
and the progress is fast but it is like
a castle on the sand it seems to be
bright and shiny but when it actually
fights it will be easily smashed by the
waves the only way to apply what you
have learned in the past to actual
combat is to keep fighting with strong
people luu held his breath and then
adjusted his breathing rate utilizing
the breathing method to recover his
cheek quickly not only that but he also
planned to fight in the next battle
while maintaining the breathing method
it's hard very hard but it's a lifetime
away if one goes and doesn't try luu's
eyes were like fire his battle spirit
was high and his face looked at the few
people in the distance with
anticipation but the men were a little
confused for a moment when they heard
this in fact it wasn't just the guys who
were
confused even the countless viewers in
front of the screen were
confused boy this is too raw even if the
three swords killed
jiangong it was immediately the next one
to make an appearance just now luu told
these people to stand obediently and
line up one by one and if they were in a
hurry then they would go together
surprisingly he was not mocking but was
serious brother luu is too powerful
Riverside snow applauded
excitedly the beautiful woman on the
side however was stunned with her mouth
open almost dropping her jaw in shock
that was Jung donga the top seedling of
their Jung family both in terms of
strength and talent both were almost
impeccable and this time when he
retraced his cultivation path his goal
was very clear to break into the top VI
of the one realm reincarnation Tower and
thus obtain a supreme treasure who would
have thought that fell in the hands of
luu this this is too much no he's only 3
years old how can it be so great what a
demon the demon of all demons the
beautiful woman was a bit incredulous
until the sentence next only then did
she come back to her senses donga
surprisingly surprisingly lost just like
that the beautiful woman couldn't help
but sigh hearing her mother's words Jang
banua then reacted and hurly dialed Jan
donga to hit a
communication Comfort cousin dongak
in the meantime John donga who had come
out of the virtual reality Warehouse
looked a bit confused he didn't know
what he was doing by retracing his
cultivation path I was still confident
that I was going to break into The
Reincarnation Tower but I lost in the
hands of a small child just then he saw
the communication call from Jiang bangu
and couldn't help but freeze raising his
hand to connect it what's wrong Jong
donga opened his mouth and asked cousin
donga don't be
discouraged the little girl's watery
voice came through hearing this Jong
Dong's heart was slightly comforted even
this little girl Jiang bangu had come
over to comfort her he had to pull
himself together just as he was thinking
like this Jiang bangu continued brother
Lu you is so powerful
it's normal that you can't beat him it's
not that you're too weak it's that he's
too strong all in all don't get too
discouraged keep up the good work
gangdong Pavilion what do you mean it's
normal that you can't beat him he's just
a three-year-old kid who's only been
practicing for just a month ah isn't
losing to him embarrassing enough and
still be at peace with it take it for
granted Jong donga clenched his teeth
very angry and anxious but there was no
way to retort because he really lost
because luu was really strong why don't
you say anything Jiang bangu contined to
ask I know Jung donga said with a bitter
smile so I'm hanging up hang on aha
after the call giang banga looked at her
mom and said
triumphantly I comforted my cousin he
should feel much better when the
beautiful woman heard this she was
speechless for a while you might as well
not be comforted with this Comfort it's
like adding insult to injury rubbing
salt in the wound doubling down on the
storm schwear is so sweet but in the end
the beautiful woman still said so that
said
she looked up at the TV again at this
moment the second battle had already
been fought virtual
Battlefield Northern
Wasteland when those few heard luu's
words they all understood that this kid
was using them as a sword sharpening
stone after a short silence the man at
the head slowly walked out luu looked
over and immediately recognized this
person Zoni Wu of the Zone family
this was an Ecto martial artist i e a
combination of ecto and martial artist
there are many tactics that can be used
in a variety of ways and they are
defensible even if you retake the road
of
cultivation all kinds of Supernatural
means has long been greatly
discounted not as good as before but
also not to be
underestimated at this moment
Z Wu looked at luu and spoke I
originally didn't approve of them
bullying children but since you're so
strong so strong that you defeated Jang
donga then this isn't bullying children
saying so zongi Wu cued his fists in a
marshall salute and said seriously in my
zong family zongi Wu please teach me
more when his opponent was so polite Lou
you also opposed a sword salute please
also teach me I will not show any Mercy
zonu raised his head and said earnestly
please also be careful in dealing with
it and don't ever blame me for bullying
the small with the big cut the crap come
battle Lu you raised the sword in his
hand yes zi Wu immediately pressed in
and the moment he raised his hand it was
a killing move soul
shattering psychic Nimble attack after
retracing the path of
cultivation Zone Yu's physical body
strength as well as Supernatural attacks
although it has long been much worse
than before but this move has never
missed especially against these first
realm martial artists can be said to be
a 100 tries complete numerical crushing
as expected
at this instant luu's eyes revealed a
blank expression and he directly stayed
in place it's over when the other few
people in the back saw this scene they
couldn't help but laugh and say saying
that he doesn't want to bully children
but it turns out that he's the best at
bullying them yeah using a spiritual
thought attack on a
3-year-old it's really him that's the
end of it I still want to try his sword
just how sharp it is while several
people were chatting like this zongi wo
who had gotten close with the intention
of ending the fight was suddenly
beheaded by luu with a backhanded sword
as the head spun in the sky zono's face
was filled with
dismay why why didn't his soul
shocking spiritual thought aspect of the
attack had the slightest effect Lu was
only a first first realm martial artist
his age was only 3 years old and he had
only been practicing for a month how
much Marshall will could he condense so
as to be completely immune to this move
but Fong's eyes were blank and he was
actually just tricking and pretending to
be tricked what's going on with endless
confusion Zoni Wu was
eliminated as his head fell to the
ground luu raised his head again and
shouted in a clear voice
again next it was like a death wish and
there was silence all around everyone
was silent whether it was the distant
Spectators or the several powerful
people lined up close by they all looked
at luu in shock not that's it chapter 86
Battle cool as a foreign martial artist
zongi Wu might not be the strongest one
among them
but he was definitely the one with the
most means and the toughest to fight in
addition to spiritual attacks he also
had a variety of minor psychic abilities
that acted as AIDS which when combined
with his own martial arts could be
considered as a
defense however it was such a character
that was beheaded in just one round
which was really hard for them to accept
thinking back to a short while ago when
they had agreed to come over together
for a fish fry to see what this son of
the Marshall Saint had become to see if
he was as Heaven defying as the rumors
had it the mentality at that time could
be described as lofty it turned out that
the fish didn't get fried but got Fried
by the fish instead how long has it been
Jang dong was
eliminated Zoni Wu was also
eliminated just now Zoni W mental Power
Attack did work
but why was luu able to instantly storm
back or is it that it didn't work in the
first place the former showed that luu's
reaction speed as well as his
instantaneous burst of strength had
completely crushed them in order to
easily eliminate Zoni Wu the latter was
an indication that luu's mental strength
as well as his martial will was even
stronger than those of them who had been
practicing hard for 10 or 20 years at
the fifth realm both the former and the
latter are outrageous and very
unreasonable it makes them a little
skeptical but only luu himself knew
better things are not that way Zoni Wu's
mental Power Attack was indeed powerful
but it had little effect on
luu firstly the appearance of the red
dust sword heart had significantly
increased the strength of his spiritual
Power by more than half a point secondly
in the depths of his Sea Of
Consciousness in the place of his innate
Divine Soul there was a tao Heavenly
Dipper Soul suppressor Stone sitting
here protecting the Sea Of Consciousness
and divine Soul so that he wasn't
threatened by spirit-based
attacks Zoni Wu's mental Power Attack
for
luu it was almost like a breeze brushing
past not to mention the damage there was
nothing to feel luu knew that this was
the opportunity
so he made a trick out of it and
pretended to be hit then at the critical
moment he backhanded zongi wo with a
sword and chopped him as a sword martial
artist his Advantage was obvious he was
extremely fast in making moves a sword
at close range even if zi Wu reacted it
was too late when Jang donga and Zi Wu
were eliminated one after another at
this moment these people looked at each
other in
disbelief and for a moment they were a
bit stunned they really couldn't accept
that they who were at the peak of the
fifth realm after retracing their
cultivation path were defeated by a
little doll at the first realm this is
an absolutely devastating blow to their
heart of martial arts but the problem is
ludu called again next the result is
that they don't even dare to go on this
kind of wimpy look simply more
humiliating than losing it's not a good
idea to be on it and it's even worse if
you're not on it what a dilemma at this
moment their hearts were already
somewhat
regretful why did they come to find
nothing to do
previously they had thought of trying
luu's success but it turned out that
they had become someone else's sword
sharpening stone
after a long time it took one person to
walk out when luu saw this man he
immediately knew his name as well as
general
information Jing XI the Jing family's
Rising Super Genius a terrifying fellow
who had mastered a portion of the Dharma
phase at the fifth realm the strength
can be
unfathomable even if he retraced the
path of cultivation and lost the vast
majority of his cultivation
his strength had long been inferior to
what it was at the beginning but he
still could not be
underestimated the fact that he was
still able to walk out calmly after luu
had beheaded two people one after
another showed that he was very
confident in
himself but the stronger the enemy the
more the better the opportunity to
sharpen yourself come on fighting cool
at this moment quite a few people had
already gathered nearby all attracted by
the battle over here this virtual
Battlefield was a
Wilderness surrounded by an endless
expanse of land with almost no
obstructions other than the large
mountains in the distance the battle on
this side was moving so loudly again
that it naturally attracted quite a few
people when they gathered around they
were surprised to find that this was
actually a fight between the champion
seated players after observing the
battle for a little while he was even
more shocked to find that this group of
champion seeds were actually fighting
luu in a Wheel battle without any
Marshal virtues it's so targeted that
it's not even remotely obvious but even
so luu was not the least bit afraid and
became more and more courageous two had
already fallen to his sword so there
would be a third a fourth and even a
fifth he was like that mythical great
God of the three altars of the sea
Neza the third prince who was obviously
very young but had great Powers who is
he up against now Jing XI of the Jing
family The Genius of
geniuses at the moment he was actually
being pressed by him this kind of battle
left all the crowds of onlookers in awe
among the crowd when xuang saw this
scene his face was subtle and his heart
would was shaken he had joined the Tower
of Trials this time just to fight luu
wanting to see if this leading brother
was as powerful as rumored
originally xuang was still very
confident in himself after all he had
suppressed his realm for three years and
Polished a realm to Great
Perfection however at this moment after
seeing the battle in front of him with
his own eyes chuang could not remain
calm before this he felt that he had no
Rivals within the first realm but the
question was this in front of us was it
really a battle between first realm
martial artists it wasn't even an
exaggeration to say that it was a battle
between Third Realm and fourth realm
martial artists xuang could clearly feel
that the gap between himself and them
could be very obvious if you really get
involved I'm afraid you'll be defeated
in just a moment xuang looked at luu in
the distance and sight in his heart
worthy of being the only son of the
heroes of dashia the Eternal Big Brother
the strength it's
breathtaking the son of the sage of
martial arts his name is true the
moment not only
chuong but the others who came to watch
the battle all had similar thoughts when
this battle which went out live through
the broadcasting lens caused caused even
more of a furor luu's demonic level had
once again refreshed everyone's
impression as this fierce battle
continued luu finally defeated Jing XI
and his Chi as a result was almost
exhausted by this time even with the
breathing method one could not replenish
one's strength quickly he leaned on his
sword and breathed heavily sweat
dripping from the back of his head
almost wetting his back at the same time
another person walked out he looked at
luu and opened his mouth to ask can we
come back now he wanted luu to know what
to do and sort of give him a step to
admit defeat on his own and end this
fight however luu's eyes were bright but
he was not the least bit afraid and
spoke again again admit defeat beg for
mercy that's not his style even if they
fought until they were exhausted and
until they died it was impossible to
admit defeat good xia Jee nodded and
walked straight over the situation had
gotten to the point where this was
already an unfair fight both the viewers
in front of the TV and the audience in
the live broadcast room felt
heartbreaking when they saw the scene
many people are even more righteous
indignation these people really good are
even do not even give a chance to
breathe are you really that afraid of
losing you want to wear Li you out hard
Wheeling like this it's so
Shameless chapter 87 obtaining an
absolute Heaven and Earth wonder how can
they be like this giang bangu said
angrily this is so
unfair the rules don't restrict such
Behavior the beautiful woman touched the
little girl's head and said
helplessly though she also felt it was a
little less than nice to be explicitly
targeted like that the rules were such
that there was nothing you could say
about it rules are rules but they're
still going too far like this Jang bangu
frowned and spoke with great
irritation it's really just a wheel wara
these several families of boys is it not
a little too much bayu ya frowned and
said with some
displeasure they are actually clearly
targeting luu don't you care saying so
by Yu ya glanced at Lu Chang Chun no
harm done lu Chang Shang saw the scene
but his expression remained calm as he
touched by Yu Ya's hand to calm her down
a bit a precious sword is sharpened from
its Edge the only reason why they are
targeting like this is because they are
feeling the pressure and are afraid that
they will lose too badly if luu is given
enough rest time and really eliminates
them one by one if it would be a
disgrace for
luu this battle even if he loses is an
honored despite his defeat it doesn't
affect anything no one will despise him
for it it's just a failure who hasn't
failed even I have failed there's no
need to take it too
seriously it's just childish banter by
Yu ya heard these words but frowned and
continued
I see ah it is you are too good to talk
those talents do not take you as a
matter of fact this is all bullied to
the head of the small luu compared to Lu
Chang Ching's
rationality by yuyo was a bit more
emotional no matter who he was bullying
to luu's head would not work she just
had to protect her calf when Li Chang
xang heard this he didn't try to
persuade him any further
although his character was good he
wasn't a close or distant person if by
Yu Yao really wanted to Target he
wouldn't forcefully stop it to be that
annoying ran guest Big Brother the
little chubby P chai's eyes turned a
little red when he saw the scene he
pointed at the TV and couldn't help but
curse this group of dogs how can they
target big brother like this after
speaking he immediately went to the
heroes of the great summer group and
condemned with righteous
indignation at this moment there were
quite a few others who had the same idea
as him the group was cursing at the
moment these people really don't even
have a
face that's it I'm going to smash the
glass in their house tonight I'm going
to pinch Mama it's even if the peak of
the fifth realm retraced the path of
cultivation that's already enough
bullying and now they're even coming in
wheel to--he combat these guys are
simply being
inhuman that's right that's right they
must be taught a lesson then again there
should be relatives of these guys in the
group right yes this great summer Heroes
chat group almost covered most of the
powerful and Noble Sons and Daughters of
blue star as well as many Supreme
geniuses
so it could be said that it was full of
talents and there were all kinds of
people these include relatives of Jang
donga Jing XI xao Jin zongi Wu Hong xao
Jun and
saai it was only after a series of adss
from the group that these people were
embarrassed to come forward they
immediately swore that when Jang donga
Jing XI Xiao jein and the others
returned home
they would secretly put laxatives in
their meals let them poop from night to
morning this plan
immediately was unanimously approved by
all the little chubby pirin Yumi saw
this message and was instantly delighted
feeling very
appropriate let them have such bad
hearts and actually dare to Target big
brother if we don't teach them a lesson
we really don't put our great SE heroes
in our eyes anymore shyong watched his
son angry and stupidly happy cannot help
but some
curiosity in the end what happened just
then a sudden change occurred Shin Yong
raised his head somewhat unexpectedly
and looked at the TV the
moment virtual
Battlefield Northern
Wasteland just as Shia jein walked over
a voice suddenly appeared wait when the
people present heard this they all froze
and subconsciously turned their heads to
look over the person who made the sound
just now was clearly Chu young he ran
over with big strides and crossed in
front of luu and shiao jeene Shu Yang
what are you doing here xiajin looked at
chuang and asked in a somewhat strange
manner not to mention
xia even Lu you was
surprised
shuang what am I here for when xuang
heard heard this he smiled and said is
it that you guys are allowed to battle
my big brother in a wheel but I'm not
allowed to make a move if you want to
defeat my big brother step over my
corpse first hearing this Shia jeene
snorted it's not that I don't give you
face you're not my opponent of course I
know Chu yangang didn't object he just
looked straight at xiaojin and continued
to ask but so what good then I'll settle
you first Xiao jeene nodded and said
indifferently wait right at this moment
someone else ran over from the
surrounding crowd watching the battle it
was certainly Xiao Jing add me Xiao Jing
said
seriously
originally I had average strength and
was afraid of coming over to help but if
it's just a matter of dragging out time
I can still do it I'm in big brother
I'll help you with the situation as it
was one after another many more people
ran over and crossed in front of xiaoen
and luu they knew very well that if they
didn't come forward at this time they
wouldn't be able to go back to the great
summer Heroes group in the future I am
afraid that being criticized ized as a
coward and a scaredy cat will be a
common Occurrence at this moment people
are coming one after another and there
are already as many as 30 or 40 people
when the number is so large to this
extent the crowd is still working
together even if their strength is
average they should not be
underestimated Shia Jin's expression
from the initial
calmness gradually turned into gravity
no matter how powerful he was he was
still a realm of one and it was
difficult to solve everyone in an
instant
moreover the purpose of these people was
clear not to defeat him but to stall luu
for time when luu recovered it would be
his time to die luu looked at these
people in
Surprise just then the system appears
with a mission alert stage four mission
100 companions
recognized current progress 121 out of
100 phase four of the mission has been
successfully
completed acquired the ultimate Heaven
and Earth wonders taiu Immortal cells
finished luu's eyes lit up with joy he
hadn't really expected that the mission
would suddenly be completed at this time
since this mission was completed the
ranking of this Tower of Trials as well
as well as the results would not matter
at all luu didn't bother to look at the
specific effects of this absolute Heaven
and Earth Wonder anyway it was already a
duck in the mouth it simply couldn't run
away make a scene first A Wheel to--he
battle hauh you think I'm too weak L you
raised his head and said loudly all of
you listen to my orders follow me into
battle
at these words 30 to 40 people responded
in
unison yes chapter 88 what it means to
be a human leader tactical backward
movement 30 to 40 people spoke in unison
chanting at the same time and the
momentum could be described as
overwhelming even a strong person like
shiao Jin's face was a bit ugly at the
moment he hadn't really expected luu to
be so UNM marial
to come straight to a group beating but
since they were the ones who did not
speak of Martial virtues in the first
place and wheeled around luu they had
nothing to say at this moment it's good
that it's just 30 or 40 people and their
strength is very average a group of
weaklings gathered together even if they
hugged each other could not affect the
big picture Shia thought this and turned
his head to look at the few people
behind him luu has backup doesn't he a
few people saw this scene and in
unison they all took a few steps forward
what this means couldn't be more blunt
since you're going to gang up on us
we'll go along for the ride there were
only 30 or 40 people in the area and
this numerical Advantage couldn't affect
anything yet seeing the movements of the
few people behind him Shia jeene
instantly came to feel confident as he
smiled and said you're the one who
called out first don't blame me for
calling out but you can rest assured
that there will never be a Siege on you
not yet they'll just settle these people
and I'll come and fight you one-on-one
luu saw the opposite side's movements
and was not surprised when he heard this
with so many people on his side the
opposite side would surely ate as well
it was almost
predictable but
he had intended to make a scene it's
just 30 or 40 people it's not enough to
make a scene luu showed his teeth and
smiled turning his head to look at the
group of people watching the battle in
the distance and asked loudly who else
is willing to listen to my orders may
enter my command join me in the battle
ha when these words came out Shia Jin's
heart thumped giving birth birth to an
unpleasant
premonition at the same time when these
words came out the group of people
watching the battle not far away froze
for a moment obviously not expecting luu
to greet them but there's no doubt about
it they were all moved who is luu
Marshall Saints only son in the party's
rounds of battles luu fought fiercely
against the group defeating one after
another in success
convincing them and lamenting that they
were worthy of being the son of a
marshall Saint and that he could be so
powerful at such an age compared to luu
their genius names were like a joke
there was no way to compare them they
had thought that there was no way that
they and luu would ever cross paths no
one expected luu to greet them and join
him among his team it was then that
someone shouted I will
the moment these words came out the
surrounding crowd as if waking up from a
dream scrambled to shout I'll do it I'm
in me me add me to the list I do too
these people couldn't wait to run over
afraid that if they were one step slow
Lou you wouldn't want them there is no
restriction on teaming in the tournament
rulle
if you're powerful enough you can
totally pull off a team it's officially
and tacitly
authorized but the average person
doesn't have that after all the rules
are there beating another player earns
you half of the other players points
with a minimum of 10 as a
guarantee this leads to the fact that no
one wants to give their back to someone
else and the consequences of a
backstabbing are
unimaginable trying to organize a team
can be very difficult people's hearts
are divided no one would dare to bet on
it so everyone is pretty much going it
alone but there are exceptions to
everything for example Lu you at this
moment his identity was impeccable and
his strength was recognized by the crowd
so at this moment it was a call to Arms
he alone had enough authority to quell
the small minds of the crowd at this
moment as more and more people fought
their way over just in the blink of an
ey The People Under luu's command had
already surpassed
300 soon
400
500 in just a short time there were five
or 600 of them with such a number of
people even if the strength of each one
was average the overall combat power was
terrifying what's more they were at
least all killed into the final their
strength was really not bad at this
moment holding together the overall
strength when it was really very
terrifying meanwhile shiao Jin's face
was that ugly when he saw the scene as
for the several people behind
xiaoen who were walking over calmly just
now at this moment their foot step
stopped and their body stiffened what
the hell is this situation ah no are you
playing around Shia jyn's eyes rounded
somewhat unable to accept the
situation who played dirty first luu
glanced at him
disdainfully you guys can team up but I
can't can I when these words came out
Shia Jin's few people open their mouths
for a moment they didn't know what to
say it was really true that they teamed
up first this what to do about this with
30 or 40 people they could still ignore
the disparity in numbers and
backhandedly suppress them but if it was
5 or 600 people they would be no match
at all even if they were more powerful
they were still only in the first realm
the only hope now is that if these
people are suddenly gathered together
their hearts are not considered to be in
un
and their cooperation will not be tacit
just like a plate of scattered sand so
they may not be able to utilize the
power they should have so it will win
the moment Lu you looked at the people
under his command and was in a good mood
look and see what it means to be the
leader of the human race tactical
backward glance it's a
coincidence not long ago from the
Master's side to learn from the legion
combat command originally thought that
in a short period of time there is no
use at all who thought that in this
virtual
Battlefield there is a chance to let go
of the hand to try there is also no need
to be afraid of a command error that
could lead to irretrievability
honing my martial arts finding my
flaws completing quests getting the best
rewards and now being able to conduct
Collegian command this Tower of Trials
it's really a blessed place for me luu's
eyes brightened as he thought so in the
meantime when this scene went out live
through the camera it caused an uproar
in front of the TV screen in the live
broadcast room all the viewers were
dumbfounded when they saw the scene no
do this Tower of Trials it can still be
played like this this how come the
promised one-on-one fight has turned
into a legion battle
before everyone was still righteously
angry feeling that the situation was
unfair to luu and that the whe Battle of
these few people was just too
disgusting not speaking of Marshal
virtues who would have thought ah you do
not speak of Martial virtues luu even
more so directly pulled up a large
number of people
at this moment the pressure was given to
the presenter of the
presentation who saw the image and it
was a jaw dropper
originally he only thought that it was
three or four people versus 30 or 40
people and the situation was quite
manageable who knew that luu had
directly pulled 500 to 600 people into
the team at the drop of a hat these guys
really listened and they weren't afraid
of the
backstabbing and one by one they ran
their asses off after a long period of
Silence the host said the
situation the scene has once again
changed no one would have expected that
under luu's call so many people have
joined his team there's no restriction
on such behavior in the rules so luu
didn't break the rules but the problem
is that no one has managed to pull
together such a large team before this
this has never happened
before this is the first time for there
has never been anyone who has had such a
calling at this moment this host didn't
even know what to say it's not just the
hosts who have mixed feelings but the
organizers as well after they saw such a
situation one by one all of them were
numb what's to be done about this tell
the truth if it wasn't you if anyone
else had organized a team of 5 or 600
people in this final don't say that it
wasn't written in the rules not to
mention what the law was say you're in
violation you're in
violation the so-called rules are used
to limit the weak as for the strong they
don't look at the so-called rules
because they are rules in themselves but
who is luu Marshall Saints only son
his old man is the biggest rule of all
who dares to touch him who can touch him
what's wrong with you for this
situation the official can only
recognize their own bad luck at the same
time in order to smooth out the
follow-up may appear the storm there has
been a high level decision this time the
final no matter how many points all can
get to go to break into The
Reincarnation of the power of the
qualification in this way this farce can
end perfectly of course for the next
tournament a restriction must be added
that no teams are allowed but at this
moment this Northern Wilderness had
completely turned into luu's home turf
under luu's command the few people from
xia were no match for him they were
suppressed in minutes as for the others
they were chased like whisk rabbits
whether it was a flock of rock
Thunderbirds or the others gathered in a
team they were not a match for him at
the moment this brutal final Battlefield
was directly played as a leveling game
by luu what does it mean to call the
shots what does it mean to be in charge
what does it mean to be a top
Commander this is chapter 89 chaos the
entire Northern realm Wasteland was in
complete
chaos this by Yu ya watched this farce
her eyes widening in dismay originally
she was still angry little luu was being
targeted and bullied she had to defend
her calf fiercely who knew that in the
blink of an eye Lou would pull together
a team and start bullying others looking
at luu who was running around and
pushing all the way across
stirring up the entire virtual
Battlefield with his own strength by Yu
ya couldn't help but cover her face this
kid
Invincible haha Lu Chang Chang on the S
side saw the scene but he couldn't help
it and directly laughed out loud this
kid what a talent this
unreasonable not following the rules and
having no Scruples really has the look
of me back then you actually praised him
BYU ya glanced at Lu Chan Chun then you
want to see him bullied Lu Chang xang
asked
rhetorically of course not BYU ya
thought about it and shook her head
that's not it Lu Chang xang laughed back
then when I messed up I didn't have much
of a backer behind me it was a miserable
time now that my son is messing things
up
I'm his backer brother luu is too
powerful Jang Danga cheerfully clapped
her hands and looked at the screen with
some excitement the beautiful woman at
the side felt a bit amused this little
girl of her own family was really too
double standard other people have the
numerical advantage to fight a wheel War
it is Shameless you L you brother get
the numerical advantage to push across
it is too powerful the favorite ISM
couldn't be more
obvious but what had to be said was that
this luu's ability to judge the
situation was really
extraordinary he has the right sense of
timing
earlier the team couldn't pull it
together later the line is even less
drawn the only time not too early not
too late just right when this team was
pulled up the people and the Teen no
longer had to be afraid of the rock
Thunderbird surprise attack and were
still able to go around and kill pushing
all the way across the country and
really doing whatever they wanted to do
messed up this final has been this luu
to completely play messed up the
beautiful woman couldn't help but smile
and said the official estimate is in the
headache how in the world to end up they
most likely have to hamage
at the same time the little fat pin Yi
was even more excited this pulls up a
team of five or 600 people I'm really
worthy of being a big brother he's so
brilliant not only him but in the dashia
heroes chat group it had even changed
from the previous verbal attacks on
shiao Jin's several people to various
Praises for luu virtual world in a VIP
box jawanan couldn't help but open his
mouth as he watched the scene in front
of him even he was a bit startled it had
to be said that luu really didn't follow
the rules the situation that was
originally quite bad was actually
hardened by him and turned into what it
is now this kid he's really powerful
jauan shook his head and couldn't help
but open his mouth in
admiration it's true that he deserves to
be his son he really isn't willing to
suffer a little bit of loss in Jaa one
yuan's opinion luu died in a forceful
battle and eventually fell under the
Wheel battle although he was defeated he
was still honored and was praised by
countless viewers which was already a
very good result at the same time Lu you
was able to recognize his own problems
and take it a step further in your next
practice however what xia wuan didn't
expect was that
luu this little guy really is is not
willing to eat a little L ah straight
away they threw up their arms and pulled
together a group of five or 600 men he
also lived and breathed the legion
command techniques he had taught him
applying them to actual combat nice guy
who can stop this one even if the others
realized it they had to hold together in
order to resist luu but the question is
who is going to take the lead who is
going going to organize it who is going
to vouch for it and who has the
authority to do so no one has that even
if they are forced by the situation to
embrace the warmth to form a team it is
still just a piece of scattered sand
need to always be on the lookout for
companions
backstabbing how can it be unanimous to
the outside world their
opponents
moreover had mastered the law of Legion
offense this led to an entire virtual
Battlefield without a shred of suspense
in the
meantime the countless Spectators on the
blue star as well as the great SE
Spectators outside of the blue star and
the spectators from other countries were
all dumbfounded after seeing luu leading
these 500 to 600 people pushing them all
the way across and doing whatever he
wanted how did a good Tower of Trials
final turn into this chaos the entire
Northern
Wasteland complete
chaos but then again in a way it's a
scale if the rules don't limit it then
why not when Shia Jin's few people were
eliminated it was a depressing
experience things were going in the
opposite direction from what they had
expected so to speak in the beginning it
was just to try luu's depths and see
what he had become
who would have thought that luu would be
so strong causing them to roll over
three times in a
row however by this point luu had
already exhausted his strength and there
was no longer any doubt about Victory or
defeat but who would have thought that
successively someone stood out and
blocked luu's body after which he even
raised his arm and directly a group of
people surged over what they played
Rogue luu played Rogue more than they
did
the most outrageous thing was that luu
commanding these people to fight
actually had the shadow of a legion
combat in it it wasn't some kind of
scattered sand at all time passes
quickly when the game is about to end
luu got the first place without any
doubt with an absolute leading score as
for these 500 or 600 people who follow
him they are basically at the top of the
list
obviously there's just an advantage to
following a big team
even if you mix it up you can still get
a decent score one by one they were all
smiling with joy and they could be quite
satisfied with the result even when the
game was coming to an end instead of
breathing a sigh of relief I was a
little saddened there would be no such
opportunity in the future and he could
not follow luu to continue his Conquest
luu looked at the group of people and
also saw the reluctance in their eyes he
stood on a big rock raised the sword in
his hand and said
loudly gentlemen you are all Geniuses of
the human race the Future Hope of our
human race this battle is just a small
trial in the future there are many more
opportunities waiting for us at that
time we will fight together again raise
the might of our human race
the future fights again saying so luu
raised the long sword in his hand which
could be described as heroic although
his voice was clear and childish but the
people present but none of them
underestimated
luu they all listened in and at this
moment one by one emotions were high and
some people's eyes were even a little
red in the next moment
everyone followed luu raising their
weapons in their hands and responding in
unison fight again in the future when
the camera recorded the scene and
broadcast it many viewers were
speechless for a while no one expected
that this group of guys based on the
number of people all the way to hold the
group to push
horizontally and towards the end of the
end it was even able to sublimate a
little bit it was not a case about
numbering the few but a meaningful
campaign in the future the battle will
continue nice guy l u this little guy is
surprisingly still a natural leader but
there were also some uncommonly
knowledgeable viewers who saw something
coming louu is really commanding in it
he seems to have mastered the method of
attacking the legion commanding it with
a sense of tension and ease and
transferring it like a man as a matter
of fact if it wasn't for that it
wouldn't have made those 500 to 600
people convinced of luu's command it's
just so much more alarming are you
kidding me a three-year-old Legion
Commander chapter 90 absolute Heaven and
Earth wonders The tiue Immortal cells
when the final of the Tower of Trials
ended this dramatic final immediately
caused countless people to discuss it
before that no one had expected that the
final would deviate in a direction that
no one had expected and that it would go
wild and crooked all the way to the end
logically speaking after the trial
finals had gotten into such a state the
official them must have come down to
stop it using a pair of big invisible
hands to set things right it's time to
phase out and penalize to get everything
back on track even if you had a marshal
Emperor standing behind you you wouldn't
show any Mercy because of it but luu's
back was not a marshall Emperor but the
only Marshall saint of the human race
the entire human Community a thousand
living planets and trillions of people
were all being carried on someone's
shoulders officials were so spineless
goated into acquiescing to this farce
that they were close to Sliding to their
knees at light speed after all those
people joined forces to come with wheel
war against luu you official also do not
come down to stop but instead acquest to
this situation the results of luu's arms
gathered the team using the numerical
advantage to fight back you have to
intervene what do you mean by that hauh
do you think my sword is not sharp
enough the officials had to wimp out
when they were already not in a position
of power it's just that if this is the
case and the farce is allowed to happen
then the ntis are going to have a field
day there were those who said that luu
was fooling around taking a good trial
selection and making it like this
afterwards in the tower of
reincarnation will he still be able to
fool around like this absolutely not not
this first place of his his name doesn't
live up to its name there were also
those who condemned the officials for
their inaction going so far as to allow
luu to fool around just because he was
the Marshall Saints only son which was
simply too much of a wimp and that's it
or the
organizers some people even traced back
to the root of the problem saying that
the few people who had joined forces to
come over and fight luu in a Wheel tohe
battle were really too UNM marshal
and that they were the ones who had
caused all of this to happen that was
the culprit of course with the official
announcement that this final regardless
of the number of points all of them
could obtain the qualification to break
into the Tower of
reincarnation the many voices of
condemnation suddenly faded away
subsequently someone else broke the news
about luu's command which was quite good
and had the style of the dashia military
command when this news came out it
immediately stole the show and caused a
furor all those who saw this news were
stunned what the style of the dashia
military command no kidding he's only 3
years old it was understandable that the
talent was incomparable and the battle
proess was
outstanding after all he was the only
son of the Marshall Saint and his jeans
were too strong
but you're going to say he's mastered
the means of legionary combat this is
really
outrageous that's not the way to blow it
what kind of three-year-old learns these
things but something horrible happened
it doesn't seem to be
nonsensical the wizen nison have found
quite a bit of corroborating evidence
for one thing luu's command did have an
army style in it and that was precisely
why
in the face of the other teams it was
able to be as
powerful
devastating and easy to push across the
second was luu's Master Sword Emperor
xia
wuan who was the former Supreme Marshall
of diaa it seemed reasonable for a
marshall Master to teach his disciples
some military matters no one would have
thought that such fake news which is
outrageous at first glance what actually
true this instantly caused a frenzy
discussion among countless Mel and
eating
medicin in the
meantime Lu U who had just finished the
tournament just wanted to take a day off
since he had already gotten the first
place in the tower of Trials and
completed the task given by his master
it was normal to take a day off as a
reward right he couldn't wait to throw a
banquet now and then gather the good
Brothers of the dashia her group to play
music and dance together have a good
blowout and then listen to how they blew
themselves up such a beautiful thing
just thinking about it makes me feel
good however Xiao Wan retorted
mercilessly after hearing the request
for rest you only took first place in
the tower of Trials by virtue of your
numerical
advantage and it doesn't carry much gold
still want to rest what a beautiful
thought
hearing this Lu you quit at that moment
what do you mean by no gold content
first is first the officials didn't even
say anything but you're not happy about
it Master you really want to rest Xiao
wuan glanced at him aha Lu youu nodded
vigorously it's fine for you to rest so
let's end this Retreat here jaia wuan
nodded and said so ah luu was a bit
dumbfounded when he heard this not
realizing that when he wanted to rest
his master would just give up and quit
luu bean and although he was a bit
reluctant he still spoke then I won't
rest why don't you rest again ja when
youan asked with a smile the first place
in the tower of Trials is nothing at all
what I want to take is the first place
in the tower of
reincarnation so I can't end my
seclusion just yet luu said so he was
still able to prioritize things hosting
Banquets bragging chatting and enjoying
a pleasant atmosphere was certainly
comforting but for the sake of The
Reincarnation Tower these could be put
aside for the time being after all the
difficulty of the main quest was put
there
luu didn't want to be unable to complete
it himself and then stay up for a decade
or so before he could finish it that's
more like it jaia wanan nodded slightly
and said
indifferently you only took first place
in the blue star trial or with this
tricky method to be honest the current
you is not even the first of the human
race the universe is vast and
boundless with many civilized
communities there are countless Geniuses
in
demons with this amount of strength you
have now to get the first place in The
Reincarnation Tower is just too far too
far away I believe that you should have
felt your flaws and some of your
problems through this trial if you start
to slack off just because you got first
place in the tower of Trials then it's
better not to go to The Reincarnation
Tower it's not that I'm being too hard
on you not even giving you time to take
a breath it's just that there's not much
time one must fight for every second not
a moment to lose at the end of his words
xiaan Yuan could be said to have a long
speech luu nodded and didn't retort on
the side Xiao Jing heard this and
similarly did not say anything he
sneaked a glance at luu and silently
thought in his heart I also want to keep
up with Big Brother s footsteps even if
it's hard after returning to the real
world luu sighed somewhat
depressedly from his master's tone he
could probably hear that it was very
very difficult for him to get first
place in The Reincarnation Tower and
that he had to fight for every second
and not stop working for even a moment
in order to have a glimmer of a chance
it's likely that in the end it's still a
lost
cause hey is so hard just then luu
suddenly thought of something and
hurriedly opened the system panel the
rewards that were previously earned are
listed a rare treasure of Heaven and
Earth The tyu Immortal cells almost
forgot about this good stuff taiu
Immortal cell rank ninth quality
excellent type
wearable effect at the beginning of the
tiue a strange object born since the
beginning of the heavens and the Earth
it can increase the wearer's
understanding and perception of the tow
to a certain extent description born
with the opening of Heaven and Earth
each subject to Heaven and Earth the
essence of the Sun and the Moon
gradually have the effect of spiritual
enlightenment when really cannot be
found in the world of treasures it is a
Pity that its form is not complete
enough to produce a holy spirit from it
otherwise it would be a superb mortal
product chapter 91 name spreads to all
Races in the universe luu looked at the
item description and his heart burst
with joy there was no doubt that this
was a supreme treasure you can tell by
the great alone the highest grade of
treasure previously obtained was of the
eighth order that has been an excellent
treasure this item obtained now was a
direct record breaker ninth order to
call it a treasure is not an
exaggeration at all
items of such a level were to be treated
as Treasures even for martial Emperor
level
powerhouses the Tower of reincarnation
attracts all the races of the universe
countless Celestial Pride to go and
break through in order to not obtain one
and a half pieces of the Supreme
treasure what I didn't expect luu hadn't
even gone to break into The
Reincarnation Tower yet and he had
acquired a supreme treasure I can only
say that it deserves deserves to be
called the most precious Treasure of
Heaven and Earth it wasn't in vain that
he had livered nearly a month's worth of
progress trying to find ways to complete
the quest and had finally completed this
fourth stage luu carefully looked at the
detailed description of the item and
nodded thoughtfully unable to resist the
thought after wearing it it increases
the wearer understanding of the towel
the effect
apparently is very very simple yet very
powerful ta the word is a subtle one to
say but this High Marshal world has
cognized many in the early stages of
forging the body it's not yet obvious
that the first realm or the second realm
or even the third and fourth Realms
there's no need to comprehend the
so-called da until the fifth realm the
late fifth realm to be exact when the
golden body is cast
it is necessary to find a way to
transform the golden body into a Dharma
body which requires an understanding of
the Dow the inscriptions on the Dharma
body are the visualization of the
martial artists understanding of Dao and
Dharma it's hard to think of
comprehending this thing if the early
stage of body forging cultivation
requires testing the martial artists
qualifications than the late fifth
Realms condensing Dharma body that
requires testing the martial artists in
like M how many amazing and talented
people have fallen at this difficult
hurdle even Pop's request to me was to
break through to the sixth realm before
the age of 18 then he will give me that
S-Class ship one to motivate me and two
it's really really hard but now that
I've obtained this taiu Immortal cell it
will have a certain gain in
Enlightenment and I believe that
Enlightenment in the future will be
become easier this treasure can make up
for my flaws to a certain extent luu
does not think that he is the kind of
Enlightenment against the heavens he is
still very aware of how his own talent
in the future recorded by the system he
had practiced hard for decades before
breaking through the fourth realm this
Talent is simply too real luu was
extremely satisfied with this reward but
he doesn't seem to be able to use for
the time being
because the system came early he is only
in the first realm now the golden body
has not been cast how can he talk about
the Dharma body let alone condensing the
Dharma phase if the system hadn't
arrived earlier at this point in the
future one was probably stuck in the
levels of Dharma body Dharma phase and
even
domain this reward could be considered a
snowballs chance in hell
but for him now it's just icing on the
cake but such a powerful Supreme
treasure if it was thrown out I don't
know how many people would be eyeballs
readed with envy and even more so I
don't know how many people would have to
die in order to obtain this supreme
treasure it seems a bit too much when
you yourself dislike the fact that you
can't use it for a while thinking this
way luu couldn't help but shake his head
in sto thinking about it he glanced at
the great summer Heroes chat group at
the moment this group of sand sculptured
groupies are discussing the banquet in
their opinion big brother had taken the
first place in the tower of Trials such
a big happy event how could he not
organize a banquet to celebrate it
properly must have a party singing and
dancing close up and hard to blow a wave
of Big Brother awe blowing in online
chat group is really nothing tangible
more like a comedian who only repeats
himself seeing such a message luu
couldn't help but send a hey as soon as
these words came out chuyang immediately
scurried out and asked big brother why
are you sighing after the trial Tower's
intrusion shuang
toyu has been
convinced whether it is strength or
character
the big brother is an impeccable
existence even the legion command will
be a hand
previously luu had often bragged about
the grand summer Marshall in-chief all
praising him for his military literacy
and commanding ability calling him a
natural General at that time although
Chu Yang did not refute in his heart he
was disdainful and felt that Lu you was
really too good at bragging who knows
that this time the Tower of Trials Lu
you let him see the original bold words
not bragging but the truth is just Lui
was really good at Legion combat command
without a doubt xuang could be said to
be so admired that even the last trace
of arrogance had rubbed off however
shuang's question caused you Guan Chung
who was half a beat slower to stare in
disbelief no
you are at least a martial Emperor
family your family has produced three
Marshal Emperors in succession and you
are usually so proud that your nostrils
are turned upwards and you look at
people with your chin but now you are
actually stealing the position of a
dog's leg with me you are also too
Shameless when he saw that someone
picked up on it luu said in the group I
saw your discussion about the banquet
but I'm sorry to tell you that there's
no way the banquet can be held H this
time yaning was one step ahead of the
others and hurriedly asked big brother
what happened why can't we hold the
banquet anymore luu replied again as
much as I'd like to throw a party and
hang out with my brothers there are more
important things waiting for me ah you
guing immediately picked up big brother
what is more important than a banquet
with the brothers
luu replied go to The Reincarnation
Tower and make a break for the human
race I need to continue my seclusion Chu
young finally grabbed the words and
asked big brother is already the number
one in Blue Star it's not even an
exaggeration to say that he's the leader
of the human race do you still want to
continue your seclusion L you to be
honest this blue star number one of mine
is nothing more than a trick to get I
can't even call myself number one of the
human race I'm afraid I don't have much
hope of getting a top ranking in The
Reincarnation Tower
therefore I need to continue my
seclusion the crowd in the group could
stand in awe at these words no one had
expected luu to work so hard after
getting first place in the trial Tower
this is just awesome one by one they
have been blowing rainbow farts down
there yub waning even said
Big Brother since big brother said so
I'll continue my seclusion as well luu
couldn't help but smile when he saw
these
messages meanwhile Xiao Jing who was not
far away saw this scene but his face was
somewhat subtle things don't seem to be
like this ah big brother wants to rest
very much and wants to hold a banquet
very much but due to the pressure of
Pops he can only hold his breath it
turned out to be a different story when
it came to the group however Xiao Jing
naturally didn't dismantle luu if you do
that what's the difference between you
and a snitching
traitor he Xiao Jing was not such a
Villain at the same time with the end of
the blue star trial selection luu's Fame
quickly spread throughout the entire
human race and then
unsurprisingly to the 10,000 races of
the universe as well chapter 92 the
prince of man despite the fact that the
human race and the 10,000 races of the
universe were at War as the saying goes
there are no Eternal friends or Eternal
enemies only Eternal interests under the
pole of interests there were actually
some weak and small groups that
befriended the human race and some
medium-sized groups groups that often
traded with the human race even some
powerful ethnic groups had many strong
people who were desperate and secretly
contacted the human groups just to
obtain High benefits
inevitably when these Fay were doing
business with the human race they heard
about the latest hot news the
interesting story of Blue star's Tower
of Trials l u the son of the Marshall
Saint fought a fierce battle against a
group of Heroes and because his opponent
were too unorthodox to speak of Martial
virtues and played a direct game of
wheel Warfare he became even more
unorthodox and directly raised his arm
and gathered 5 to 600 people directly
crushing his opponents and crushing the
entire
Battlefield when the Fay heard the news
they were surprised and asked that's a
competition for selection to enter The
Reincarnation wouldn't it be unfair to
let him fool around like that doesn't it
matter if we don't do anything about it
the answer received was who dares to
care he is the son of the Marshall Saint
or the only Heir for so many years and
the organizers don't want to die dare to
punish him however the organizers were
also clear that if they didn't do
anything things would definitely get out
of hand in the end so they directly
waved their hands and made the
finalists over 10 0000 people all of
them qualified to go to the wheel of
reincarnation Tower to break into the
world this is forced to hemorrage money
I heard that after the finals of the
Tower of Trials were over there were
quite a few other participants who were
thankful for luu's nonsense because they
were of average strength and by all
accounts it would have been difficult
for them to qualify to break into the
Tower of
reincarnation after all according to the
original rules only a thousand or so
people would get a chance this
elimination intensity Can Be
Imagined as a result now all are
directly happy the Fay was dumbfounded
by the answer he heard that's okay it
definitely wouldn't have worked who made
him the only son of the Marshall Saint
this is the Crown Prince of our human
race the human race who was in charge of
the transaction
said with emotion being the son of a
marshall Saint at Birth this skill of
casting is no one else's it's really
enviable dash when the Fay heard this he
just nodded and didn't say anything more
it didn't take long for the story to get
out and spread quickly but but it's a
completely different version often times
even if it's the same thing if it's
reported selectively
then you get a completely different
version of it this is the highest Art of
Lying
obviously all the things that are said
are true but the conclusions are false
those
foreigners
naturally don't want to listen to The
Heavenly story of your Marshall Saints
only son l u who at the age of only 3
years old defeated each and every one of
the five Realms of heavy cultivators
isn't that not to grow other people's
aspirations and to destroy one's own
Prestige there's no way such outrageous
things can get around much less help you
make a name for
yourself so what they'd rather hear are
stories like this the only son of the
human Marshall Saint the Crown Prince
luu he plays with the rules recklessly
by virtue of his honorable status it was
clear that he didn't need to participate
in the trial selection
but he still cut in halfway and forced
his way in if he goes in and plays well
that's fine but he was fooling around as
soon as he came up he treated the Tower
of Trials as if it was a place for him
to play obviously it was a one-on-one
match but he led 5 to 600 people on a
rampage stiffly trampling on the Dignity
of all the Geniuses of all the races
with his own strength after the
tournament it also got the ranking of
first in the tower of Trials can this
not be the first when the matter was
about to become a big deal after the
tournament was over they used more than
10 0000 reincarnation Tower slots and
sent them out to the Geniuses of the
human race as if they were callers these
human
Geniuses who were also spineless were
actually grateful to him they even had
to say thank you such a prince who did
whatever he wanted such a human race
where everyone wanted to flatter him it
was really degraded to the extreme awe
the story is still the same story it's
just that the person telling it is
different telling it from a different
angle and exporting a little bit of
their own opinion it becomes a very
different story such a
story however was obviously more
conducive to spreading but it was only a
matter of a few days before it spread
amongst the 10,000 races of the universe
the story of the old man's hero and
Son's is always so popular and
enjoyable for everyone many of the
foreign races were lamenting that the
human Marshall Saints worldly reputation
would be ruined sooner or later in the
hands of his son although this
matter with more than 10 0000
reincarnation Tower slots ended
perfectly what about next time
what about countless times in the future
how many times do we have to wipe his
ass before we stop before he really
grows up
briefly the human race has suffered a
great deal with this Prince but from the
perspective of the human Race's opposing
side the appearance of such a living
treasure over there was a joyous event
it can be a joy to watch without luu's
knowledge he was already infamous
by the time he was aware of the
situation it had already spread to all
the races in the universe at this point
there's no way to disprove the rumor
disinformation who wants to listen to
you who will cooperate with you these
foreigners are mostly enemies of the
human race and they only want to see
your black material and as for your
clarification it's impossible to spread
the word
actually regarding luu's infamy to be
able to spread so quickly spreading
throughout the 10,000 races of the
universe in a few days if it was said
that there weren't those alien
powerhouses behind it as pushers who
would believe it so clarification is not
going to go anywhere whether it is black
or white only time will tell when luu
personally went to break into The
Reincarnation Tower
all the smears all the black
material since it was not broken the
only thing that was a bit unfortunate
was that this infamy didn't count as a
reputation value so it was impossible to
complete the systems
quests however this is
reasonable the system task is to ask him
to deter the 10,000 races not to become
a joke among the 10,000 races the most
important thing at the moment was to
cultivate polish oneself to Perfection
to the Limit before 10 days passed in a
Flash this day luu sat cross-legged in
the middle of the 10,000 swords Pavilion
after a long time he slowly opened his
eyes he felt the
bottleneck felt himself reaching the
upper limit it's hard hard hard but
extremely easy to go further it is
difficult ult to go further when you
have already polished your current realm
to the point of perfection easy in that
just break through the current realm the
way of the sword in martial arts there
were also several small levels
corresponding to the first second and
third realms for the current luu this
threshold of stepping through the realm
was nothing at all and could be crossed
casually but his purpose was clearly not
this once one arrived at the the second
realm there was no way to participate in
the trials of the first realm
reincarnation Tower what's to be done
about this with this question luu
consulted his master Xiao
onean hearing this jaia wuan wasn't
surprised and directly gave a solution
although you feel the bottleneck and
have reached the upper limit it's not
that there aren't ways to go further now
there are two ways one is to continue
along my path comprehending the many
sword strokes and furthering my Mastery
of them the second is to realize the way
try to master the law Chapter 93 where
can one master inscription in one realm
luu listened attentively to his master's
explanation and subconsciously said
going to
Enlightenment to master the law you mean
hm jaia wuan nodded and slowly said
you should also know that after casting
a golden body in the five Realms you
need to condense Dharma into the golden
body to form a Dharma body there are
quite a few Dharma body powerhouses that
you have defeated in the tower of Trials
and they have more or less broken
inscriptions on their bodies that is the
materialization of The Da and law even
if it's broken it can still bring them a
lot of increase in power and it's the
backbone of their invincibility in the
same Realm
ever since the fifth realm whether it's
the Dharma body the Dharma phase or the
domain as well as the rules of the
eighth realm onwards or even your old
man's 10 realms of proof all of them
need to travel with the da these things
are said to be too subtle because the
levels of the lower Realms are too low
to have access to those yet so naturally
they cannot empathize with them even if
I were to say it directly or even impart
it to you with my
Consciousness you would still be unable
to understand it much less grasp the da
and Dharma hearing this Lu you couldn't
help but ask then what does master mean
what others teach won't work this
requires you to comprehend and master it
yourself however this is really too
difficult you can't lay a good
foundation you can barely feel it and
it's hard even if you have a high level
of
Enlightenment jawanan shook his head and
said
helplessly what I'm talking about is
just a theoretical Direction just try it
out never overcommit yourself your focus
is still on my sword path follow my path
and continue on although this path is
equally difficult it is at least easier
than
Enlightenment yes the master gave two
paths one way is hard the other way is
harder in fact at this point it was
already 100 ft there was no need to take
the bull by the horns any further a
normal breakthrough would suffice but if
L you wanted to break into The
Reincarnation Tower and get the first of
the 10,000 races then he had to go
further then he must take the bull by
the
horns well the tiue immortal cell that I
had previously obtained came in handy at
this time with this supreme treasure it
became a little easier for luu to
perceive the da and law
specifically it amounts to ignoring an
undeveloped physical foundation and
providing a bridge that can be traveled
unlike what luu had expected he didn't
have the ability to use this supreme
treasure to frantically Enlighten the da
directly without any
disadvantage and traveled by Leaps and
Bounds in a single day
it's still equally difficult to realize
the da and master the law however
compared to before when one could not
feel it at all and could not go to
Enlightenment it was already a heaven
and earth luu began to work his way up
the whole day went by in a Flash during
this whole day luu did not eat or drink
completely immersed in
Enlightenment at this moment he finally
understood why those
Masters without moving closed their
doors for several years during which
they did not eat or drink and devoted
themselves to it so Enlightenment is
this kind of feeling each minuscule
Improvement is extraordinarily soothing
as if the meaning of living has been
proven it's a feeling like no other Lu
you was accidentally
intoxicated this may ja when youan
unable to help but fur is brows somewhat
dissatisfied with his behavior he dinged
it before the path to Enlightenment is a
difficult one just try it don't
overcommit because his foundation had
not yet been laid it would be difficult
for him to achieve even a high level of
Enlightenment as a result he is actually
enlightening the Dow day and night now
is this really enlightening the da I'm
afraid he's not being lazy
right finally found a chance to be lazy
even xiaan Yuan had a hard time
believing that Lu you could really
realize something because it's just too
hard on the path of Marshall
cultivation the first realm trains the
skin and flesh the second realm forges
the sinus and Bones the Third Realm
refines the organs the fourth realm
replaces the blood and the fifth realm
casts the golden body it was it was only
after polishing the physical body to the
extreme that one could touch the da and
master the law this was not without
reason but was the crystallization of
the wisdom of the countless predecessors
who had pioneered the way of
cultivation it was nonsense for luu to
want to realize the da and master the
law at the first realm this brat jaia
wuan side in his heart was he being too
harsh on him however this was the only
way to have a slight chance of breaking
into first place in The Reincarnation
Tower a luu's behavior like this made
xia wuan a little
disappointed but he didn't stop it
either
instead he quietly waited for luu to
finish his
seclusion soon luu closed out the face
cannot hide his Joy the stomach is even
more hungry rumbling just the meal time
immediately began to Feast Jawuan
glanced at him and waited in until he
had eaten almost as much as he could
before asking how are you enlightened
barely eating an eighth of a full
stomach luu raised his head to look at
his master and spoke my Enlightenment is
not good I've only barely realized a
little bit of it after so long of
Enlightenment a little bit and a half
hearing this jaia Wan Yuan
froze how so you see Dash Lu you held up
his hand what are you looking at Xiao
wuan glanced over and saw nothing ha luu
looked at the palm of his hand and
realized that the strange writing had
disappeared and couldn't help but mutter
that word was still there before a word
you mean an inscription you've mastered
an inscription jaia wuan couldn't help
but ask right luu nodded but it's gone
does the inscription
disappear of course it will
disappear as long as you don't use it
for a period of time it will
automatically hide itself jawanan said
with a subtle look on his face you can
try it out by focusing your mind in
mobilizing the power of the inscription
and it will
reappear like this Lu you heard this and
immediately tried it with the
concentration of his mind the
inscription in his hand really did
emerge again and blossomed with a bit of
shimmering light proving its
extraordinary nature with the increase
of this one
inscription Lu you would be much faster
in both the strength of his sword and
the speed of his sword it's almost a
qualitative leap in terms of overall
strength it's out when luu saw this he
couldn't help but be happy and quickly
said it's really the same as what Master
said however I remember that when I
fought those Dharma body powerhouses in
the tower of Trials before the
inscriptions on their bodies regardless
of whether they fought or died didn't
disappear a because those of theirs were
just broken
inscriptions and after retracing the
path of
cultivation those inscriptions were
automatically destroyed Xiao wuan
explained but this one of yours it's a
complete
inscription so naturally you can put it
away
I see luu nodded coming to a
realization but how did you do it xiaan
Yuan looked at luu with a dismay in his
eyes that he couldn't hide as he
couldn't help but ask even in his dreams
jawanan had never thought that luu was
not being lazy but had actually
comprehended the Dao and mastered the
law previously it was a misunderstanding
about him it's only normal to Mis
understand normally speaking where could
one master inscriptions in one realm
this is also
outrageous on the side Xiao Jing who was
eating silently was even more greatly
shocked and could not understand chapter
94 who will leave a name that belongs to
the human race
enlightened luu replied enlightened Jaan
yuan's face was odd right luu smiled as
he listened to his master's words
because I'm a genius it's not simple
Xiao one you won in the past when luu
sold himself short he could still speak
out to Mock and strike a blow or two so
that he wouldn't be so inflated but
right now he didn't really know how to
retort it's not even a matter of Realm
one
Enlightenment it's also really mastering
the law
successfully condensing an inscription
and Engraving it on his hand this is no
longer something that can be described
as a simple genius or demon after a long
time xia wanan nodded and spoke
originally it was almost impossible for
you to get first place in The
Reincarnation Tower but now there's
finally some hope only a little hope luu
asked with some surprise when he heard
this he s ected that his master was
exaggerating with the Supreme treasure
the taiu immortal cell he had only
comprehended this one
inscription how could anyone else have
such a condition it was basically
impossible for the first realm to
realize the da and master the law of
course jawanan stared at luu slowly
nodded his head and said
seriously the universe is vast and
boundless with countless civilized
races there are all kinds of
geniuses even I have to admit that you
who comprehends in scriptions are indeed
a genius among
Geniuses
nowadays in the entire human race among
the first realm I'm afraid no one can
compare to you you're enough to be
called the first of the human race but
just the first of the human race if you
look at the entire universe and the tens
of thousands of civilized groups it's
not enough for you to try to squash all
your opponents with just one
inscription with a sufficient base any
kind of monster will be born you can't
be proud of this yet you still have to
continue to work hard and move forward
in order to have some hope of breaking
through to number one in the
reincarnation Tower hearing these words
from his master luu nodded I understand
it's good that you understand
finish this meal and continue
cultivating Xiao wuan said
indifferently good luu nodded after
finishing the big meal luu got up and
left to continue his
cultivation Xiao Jing also hurriedly
went to cultivate leaving Xiao when Yuan
alone his calm face which was taught he
looked at the direction luu left with an
odd expression on his face as he
couldn't help but mutter what an
outrageous fellow mastering inscriptions
at the first realm this little guy is
too
outrageous the bottom line is this guy
is only 3 years old this reincarnation
Tower it is simply not something that he
can break into at this age going to
break into The Reincarnation Tower is
even if it is not a problem it is
surprising that he can really get a
forward ranking outrageous
so
outrageous Xiao wuan lamented
repeatedly then couldn't help but Ponder
whether he should tell Lu Chang Shing
about this news even Lu Chang xang I'm
afraid would be
stunned after thinking about it Xiao
wuan decided to hide it after The
Reincarnation Tower was opened he would
naturally know it will be great to see
his face again then thinking like this
jaia wuan couldn't help but smile in a
good mood time passes day by day in a
flash it was another 10 days this day in
the middle of the Starry Sky the huge
black hole completely tore apart and a
magnificent giant Tower appeared out of
nowhere it was clearly the rumored
reincarnation Tower at the same time the
wormholes that were like spider webs
densely spread between the major star
domains also completely
condensed the vast majority of civilized
races were the first to receive this
news The Reincarnation Tower had opened
punch it countless
spaceships countless
Starships carrying one batch of geniuses
after another spread out and vastly
headed to The Reincarnation Tower human
communities naturally are are among them
the first batch of people who opened up
the land had already rushed to the
reincarnation Tower and the first time
they broke in they all failed and the
one with the best score was only on the
fourth floor the higher-ups of the human
Community not surprised by the
situation continued to send the next
batch of people over each and every one
of these people who came to the
reincarnation Tower to make a break for
it were Geniuses and demons that were
one in 100,000
one in a
million however among them there were
only a handful of people who were able
to break through to the fifth floor or
higher of The Reincarnation Tower and
then leave their names behind not even
one so far without exception all were
eliminated not to mention the human
Community other ethnic groups two
basically those who could come up and
break through to the fifth floor were
were never
rare however as batch after batch is
sent over soon after a Celestial Pride
named beart from the sunclan managed to
break through to the fifth floor of The
Reincarnation Tower although he was
directly eliminated the moment he
reached the fifth floor he had at least
left his name behind and was temporarily
ranked first upon receiving this news
the great being of the sun Clan the Sun
God was overjoyed and immediately
spoke good very good our sun tribe has
temporarily contended for first place in
this reincarnation Tower even if it's
only a temporary first place we still
have to ruthlessly reward this bare
heart reward not only him but his family
as well xong Clan transfer them to a
first class Clan give sh xan the first
class Medal of Honor and find a top
Emperor to be become his teacher when
the people below heard this they
hurriedly agreed my God is wise at the
same time within the sun Clan a small
family that was not well known was
directly ranked as a first class family
because of bear heart's rise and for a
moment countless honors were added to it
the Shon Clan Chief was so excited that
he almost fainted well well well
bearheart is too competitive
it's not in vain for me to cultivate him
at all costs the Shon Clan Chief's face
was R with excitement although he was at
the king realm his family had risen to
power because of bare heart and this was
the charm of The Reincarnation Tower
even if it was only temporarily ranked
number one it had fought for a lot of
Glory for the sun tribe let the Supreme
son God reward them so but if is quick
among the tyin clan a pride named yunan
managed to break into the fifth level
and went a little further even if it was
just a little bit it was more than a
bear's heart the moon God of tyen was
therefore delighted and immediately
rewarded junan and the ukan behind him
however this made the sun god a little
upset if it was any other group it would
be fine to overtake them how come it's
the tyin Community this tyin community
is the greatest enemy of the sun
Community belonging to the
incompatibility of water and fire two
complete
extremes the hatred that the two
communities had for each other was so
thick that it couldn't be
melted thus the sun god immediately put
pressure on Shong xen to continue to
barge forward a bit and no matter what
he had to surpass the tyin clan unan
it's a battle for the honor of the pack
if that's not possible the consequences
are
unquestionable not to mention Shong
xan's bad luck even the Shon Clan's
foreign Clan behind him would have to be
unlucky as the saying goes Thunder and
Reign are all favors of a king not to
mention a supreme god under such
pressure be heart who had previously
been springing to life immediately felt
an unprecedented pressure
meanwhile the human race because there
had been no one who had broken through
to the fifth floor couldn't even leave a
name if they wanted to as a Rising group
with a lot of Buzz the human race didn't
even have anyone who had entered the
fifth floor which was no good for a
moment the entire human Community was in
anticipation who will be the first to
break into the fifth floor who will
leave a name that belongs to the human
race chapter 95 end of retreat breaking
into the reincarnation Tower as batch
after batch of teams were sent into the
Wheeling Tower
finally someone managed to break into
the fifth floor his name Hong Xiao Jun
when he was in the tower of Trials he
was originally the character with the
best strength among those people but
before he could exert his original
strength he was led by luu with 500 to
600 people and he was forcefully
suppressed but at this moment he had
finally proved himself in The
Reincarnation Tower not only did he
break through to the fifth floor but he
also moved forward quite a bit and
managed to leave a name that belongs to
the human race but somewhat
unfortunately at this point the progress
of the 10,000 rac's Elites had already
broken through to the sixth
and some were even close to the seventh
layer you've only just managed to break
through to the fifth floor to leave your
name behind and you can't even catch up
with someone else's tailpipe in the
entire one realm reincarnation Tower
ranking the human rac's Hong xao Army
was only ranked 15
781 behind Hong xao June there were more
than 50 000000 more and that's
still when the Wheeling Tower had just
begun the later it got the fiercer the
competition for The Reincarnation Tower
rankings became no one can
guarantee until the last moment that
they won't lose their place the
moment as the news of Hong xao Army's
breakthrough to the fifth level spread
within the human Community there were
some who were happy and some who were
sad Joy Yul the human race is finally
able to leave its name and there is
finally a bit of progress the worry is
that after all these days of hard work
only one person has temporarily broken
into the fifth layer or more than 10
0000 0 this
progress this momentum is really not
very good a although in the universe the
advantages of the human race in the
lower Realms are very Inc
conspicuous and there are even quite a
few
disadvantages and there is no way to
compare with some naturally powerful
races in the past every time The
Reincarnation tower opened the first few
reincarnation Towers the human Race's
results were
unsatisfactory it wasn't until a few
reincarnation Towers opened up behind
them that they caught up but anyway for
whatever reason just over 10 0000 is too
much of a crotch puller the previous
times of The Reincarnation Tower it
wasn't as bad as this this is really
unacceptable to many people soon as a
few days pass the human race had
hundreds of people
successively break into the fifth layer
among them Hong Xiao Jun who had the
fastest progress even managed to kill
his way to the sixth floor it's just a
shame that as soon as you reach the
sixth level you're eliminated at the
speed of
light however the overall Place ranking
is surging 1, 9th nearly broke one 0000
th place this is the best the human race
has done so far this cheered up many
people killing around a thousand in one
breath proved that there was still hope
for the human race
it's a thousand now after that it might
be in the top 500 or even the top 100 or
10
unfortunately imagination is beautiful
reality is cruel when the honga Army
broke through to the sixth level the
large force of the universal 10,000
races two killed here as these 10 0000
plus foreigners came to kill directly
squeezing Hong xuan's ranking to five
000000 places and in the blink of an eye
another nine 000000 places but only half
a day's time looking at Hong xuan's
results again to rank 10 0000 0 to the
back the competition is just too tough
almost all the time the roster is in
flux
this was something that even Hong Xiao
Jun did not expect he had gone through a
lot of trouble and managed to break
through to the sixth floor and before he
had time to catch his breath his ranking
had once again returned to more than 10
0000 0 which was really
despairing in the spaceship Hong Xiao
Jun looked at his ranking constantly
moving backward his face became more and
more ugly he couldn't help but l
before I always heard people say that
this reincarnation Tower is difficult to
the extreme but I don't have any real
feeling thinking that with the strength
I have after I remastered it what can be
difficult for me I didn't expect ah this
reincarnation Tower it's really hard to
this extent I was thinking about taking
a well-deserved break
regrouping and taking taking advantage
of the two remaining opportunities to
break in again and maybe have a shot at
killing it in the
500s who would have thought that the
Geniuses of the 10,000 races of this
universe would directly squeeze me down
to
10,000 everything all over again hey
listening to Hong xuan's words Jong
donga Jing XI and Shia jeene who are on
the side couldn't help but nodd their
heads and said with a sad face it's too
difficult the competition in this
reincarnation Tower is really too much
more intense than imagined how confident
he was before breaking into the cycle
how unconfident he is now Hong's Army
was still able to break into the one
0000 s although it was now over 10 0
strong but what about them they could
barely make it to the fifth floor
and in the total
rankings they couldn't see the head at a
glance John Don Court the 7,600,000 plus
names Jing XI the five 9 millionth Shia
jeene was slightly better breaking
through to within 1 millionth Place
temporarily ranking at 360,000
place and that two is the state of the
human hordes hundreds of people with the
best results all killed to the fifth
floor but the ranking is miserable the
worst it is said is now ranked over 186
million he was eliminated when he first
entered the fifth level in other words
there were currently at least 186
million of them on the fifth level up of
The Reincarnation Tower as for the fifth
layer downwards there were countless
other foreign races that were constantly
breaking through some foreign races came
up later and pushed across to the sixth
layer with one life and there were also
foreign races that were thick and thin
and struggled to get to the fifth layer
every moment every second the rankings
are shifting they truly experienced what
it meant to have competition among the
10,000 races of the universe it was just
too
intense just then Jang donga suddenly
asked where's luu has he come upon
hearing that name several people inside
the spaceship froze zonu thought for a
moment and said it doesn't seem like it
I haven't heard any news of him coming
over yet so I guess he hasn't broken
into The Reincarnation Tower yet is it
afraid to come xiaan said with a frown
with his character it shouldn't be ziu
shook his head I don't know the
specifics either I've heard news of him
and it seems that he's in
seclusion siabi spoke up going into
seclusion hearing this Jong donga said
with an odd expression on his face he
really does have a big heart being able
to hold back from coming over to break
into The Reincarnation Tower he's still
in seclusion at his level of strength no
matter how much more he secludes himself
for a while he won't be able to improve
much right Hong Xiao Jun spoke you can't
just come up here and get defeated you
definitely need to shut down properly
law Jing X flirted soon the topic was
skipped over not to mention the
seclusion even if luu didn't come to
compete they wouldn't say much no matter
what luu was just a three-year-old child
should we still expect him to represent
the human race and break into The
Reincarnation Tower to get a top ranking
it just doesn't make sense anymore it's
not like the Geniuses of the human race
are all dead how dare they pin all their
hopes on a three-year-old child if this
kind of thing were to be spread out all
the races in the universe would have to
laugh their asses off
exactly although luu was in seclusion
did not participate in the first opening
teams but no one came to rush him or put
pressure on him the big guys of the
human race as if they had forgotten him
this little genius in the meantime blue
star jaia when yuan's mansion in the
10,000 swords Pavilion luu on Le futan
slowly opened his eyes
at this point the retreat ended counting
the time it had been some days since The
Reincarnation Tower had opened and it
was time for him to make a break for it
chapter 96 hope for the human race as a
matter of fact some days earlier luu
knew about the news of the opening of
The Reincarnation Tower but he wasn't in
that much of a hurry to get to the
openings compared to those heavenly
Prides of the 10,000 races of the
universe what luu liked the most was not
natural Talent nor Heritage nor
Enlightenment but time the time he had
spent practicing was too short time was
especially precious after he had found a
way to continue getting stronger one
more inscription
comprehended the strength would be one
point stronger as of now he had mastered
a total of 13 inscriptions
it was no exaggeration to say that these
13 inscriptions had almost transformed
him the strength is a far cry from what
it was back then if the current him were
to face the jung-dong Pavilion few
people from back then again even if the
opposite side were to play A Wheel
battle again he would be able to
effortlessly and easily solve it have to
say this taiu Immortal cell it's really
good as expected it was worthy of being
in ninth order Supreme treasure luu had
benefited greatly from just one realm
and as the realm Rises up the gain of
this Enlightenment is only higher with
my current strength I don't know how far
I can break in Lu you couldn't help but
Ponder these days he had been in
seclusion knowing very little about the
many things that were happening in the
outside world even the heroes of the
great Sia chat group had not been opened
so it could be said that he was fully
devoted to
cultivation at the moment he had just
come out of the gate so naturally he had
to go and find out more without
understanding it luu could not help but
be a little surprised once he understood
it a little currently the best human
ranking in the Wheeling Tower is
1,9 it also only lasted a small half day
before it was squeezed down to 10 zero 0
and
Beyond at present the human race has
nearly a thousand people broke through
to the fifth floor leaving their names
but the specific ranking but it is
miserable it is commonly ranked between
hundreds of thousands and millions of
names and in some cases worse even more
than 100 million names all in all things
are very bad right now despite despite
all the times that The Reincarnation
Tower had opened the human race had been
in the first few reincarnation towers
and the overall results had been
poor this
one however seems a little too bad of
course there's still a chance in the
back the basic rule of The Reincarnation
Tower is break through a floor and you
get one more life even if you are
eliminated later you can break in again
but the thing is it's hard to break into
too high of a ranking even if you're
thicker in the front when you're so
disheveled ah there was no doubt that at
this moment the human Race's Inner
Circle was already in an uproar there
were those who condemned these Geniuses
for being a disgrace saying that they
actually couldn't even squeeze into the
100th place and that they were simply
disgracing the human race there were
also people who gave a reasonable
explanation that the human race was not
Superior when it came to the lower
Realms so it was normal for the first
realm reincarnation towers and even the
several pre- reincarnation Towers to not
get good results by the time the high
level reincarnation tower opened later
the human Race's Advantage would become
obvious so there's no need to be so
disappointed now much less to condemn
human genius it was already extremely
stressful for them to represent the
humans in The Reincarnation Tower in
compete with the Prides of the 10,000
races if the voices behind them are not
supportive but condemnatory and abusive
then I am afraid that each and every one
of them will be chilled to the Bone not
to mention that they will not be able to
achieve good results when this was said
there were some people who agreed and
some people who disagreed playing so
poorly instead of scolding them to wake
them up do you want to sensitize them
with love what a joke for a while each
side argued and
argued however to luu's surprise few
people mentioned his name amongst the
overwhelming voices of discussion not
many people it seems are pinning their
hopes on him is this looking down on me
luu thought about it and then felt that
it was wrong to say that
previously in the tower of Trials he had
already proved his strength so naturally
he would not be belittled again at the
moment the reason why he wasn't being
discussed within the human race was
simply because they didn't want to put
the pressure on him as a
three-year-old that would just be cruel
and expecting a
three-year-old human race is no one
After figuring this out luu glanced at
the heroes of the Granda group again the
information in it was mostly chatting
about this time of The Reincarnation
Tower some people were also inquiring
when exactly Lu you was going to come
out of the gate as soon as big brother
comes out of the gate everything will
definitely change the human race can
surely leave its name at the top of the
list
obviously unlike the vast majority of
people the kid buddies in the heroes of
the great summer chat group one by one
had pinned their hopes on Lou
they firmly believed that as long as luu
stepped in there was nothing that could
not be solved luu smiled and replied in
the group I'm out of the gate I'm going
to break into The Reincarnation Tower
right away the moment these words came
out it was like a,b Boulder smashing
into a CM Lake instantly stirring up a
thousand layers of waves the crowd in
the group was a buzz Big Brother big
brother is out big brother has finally
come out of the gate the human race is
saved just waiting for you Big Brother
Big Brother you are now the hope of our
human race Big Brother the human race is
currently doing poorly in The
Reincarnation Tower o big brother are
you
confident what's that supposed to mean
how can big brother not have
confidence who can compare with big
brother luu couldn't help but Smile
heartily as he looked at the many
messages and replied there's definitely
some
self-confidence but at the moment it
seems that this time The Reincarnation
Tower is a lot harder than I imagined it
would be I don't know what the final
result will be but I will definitely do
my best to break into the top rankings
the group was once again a buzz at this
statement luu looked at it for a while
while turned off the
interface and continued walking at a
fast pace xia wuan was holding fish food
in his hand and was feeding the koi in
the pool and after sensing luu walking
over he asked without looking back
planning to go and break in aha luu
nodded I'm afraid that if I continue my
seclusion any longer I'll be a bit
behind schedule the opening time of the
first realm re Incarnation Tower was 1
month and currently about 10 days had
passed so it would seem like a big deal
if he didn't go over there again
continuing to cultivate and continue to
master new inscriptions could certainly
become stronger but it's equally
important to break into The
Reincarnation Tower to adapt to the
difficulty inside and to find a rhythm
of breaking and that suits you so really
it would be stupid to be stuck with the
final time limit to break into the
reincarnation Tower and end up
accidentally flipping out it's not too
early at this point in time but it's
definitely not too late either there
were still 20 days left enough time for
luu to break into The Reincarnation
tower all right I'll send you there now
xia wanan said as he finished feeding
all the fish food and clapped his hands
soon Xiao Jing who was
cultivating was also notified to go to
The Reincarnation Tower together coming
coming Xiao Jing was extraordinarily
excited finally being able to break into
The Reincarnation Tower alone with his
big brother so many days of hard
cultivation for this day as the ESP pole
ship slowly started up a copy of the
internal
information was quickly sent over as the
Marshall Saints only son luu's Authority
was quite High
however in a moment all the information
about this reincarnation Tower and even
some of the alien
powerhouses were all sent over luu
immediately looked at it carefully
chapter 97 that name of yours it seems a
bit familiar as the saying goes if you
want to do a good job you have to make
good use of your tools self- strength is
one aspect
and the intelligence aspect is equally
indispensable the universe is vast and
boundless and the so-called all Races of
the universe is just a
generalization if you really want to
count them there are naturally far more
than 10 000000 of them also there were
still many starfields in the universe
that were extremely difficult to explore
because of the lack of
wormholes the civilizations of those
starfields were like isolated Islands
unable to communicate with the outside
world even at the time of their
destruction the only way they would have
the opportunity to temporarily leave
their star realm and participate in this
Cosmic event was if it was a big event
like the opening of The Reincarnation
Tower there are few such civilized
communities some of these powerful
civilization groups were even ranked in
the entire
universe nay they were in the middle of
nowhere and there were no wormholes yet
to Traverse the long stretches of stars
and the desperate vacuum those vacuum
zones which can be more than a billion
light years long are called Cosmic walls
the cosmic wall was a completely vacuum
transparent Zone with no planets or
galaxies present inside not even the
fluctuations of Dark Matter there is no
second way to cross this desperate
distance except through a
wormhole it was as if these civilized
communities were
imprisoned compared to that
the 10,000 races of the universe were
fortunate and
unfortunate lucky to be able to cross
long distances through wormholes and
enjoy the vastness of the universe as
well as true Freedom
unfortunately the universe is filled
with war every moment there are
countless planets fall some small and
weak communities are even more fearful
in the gap between the powerful
communities to survive the slightest
mistake will end up in the destruction
of the
community these isolated civilizations
have no way to get out but at least they
can enjoy a rare piece among the
information in luu's hands there were
many super Geniuses that came from these
isolated island
civilizations just simply looking at a
few eyes L you had to sigh at the size
of the
universe what Geniuses are there on the
projected light screen a dhab Powerhouse
with a lizard's head was covered in
dense green scales on each of the green
scales there was an
inscription this represented that he had
gone to the extreme in the five Realms
not only that a small half of these
inscriptions were blooming with a
shimmering light this showed that after
the reworking he had repaired these
broken inscriptions with his own efforts
in the video he just casually swatted
his opponent to death in the ring like
he was was swatting a fly the next time
he met any opponent it was a slap in the
face No Frills pure strength crushing
this was the genius of the lizard Dragon
Clan
nansi curly in the entire one realm
reincarnation Tower he was temporarily
ranked ninth his Xiao Jing who was
staring at the side couldn't help but
suck in a mouthful of cool air as he
said in amazement
this kind of Genius is only ranked ninth
what kind of perverts are in front of
them more information unfolds as each
clip plays Ross of the star swallowing
God Clan was in eighth place for the
time being be heart of the sun Clan is
in seventh place for the time being the
blood moon Clans K temporarily ranked
sixth fish Nan of the tyin clan
temporarily ranked fifth the chaotic
ancient races taiu temporarily ranked
fourth the Holy Spirit Clan's holy son
Lu ouu was temporarily ranked third the
Divine son of the star God Clan Castro
was in second place for the time being
synthic of the posidon clan is in first
place for the time being it is worth
mentioning that this Neptune race the
name given to him by the outside world
does not belong among the 10,000 races
of the universe but is an isolated
island civilization in an unknown
Starfield according to Cynthia was that
if it wasn't for the lack of wormholes
in their
Starfield the Poseidon race would
definitely be considered the most
powerful race among the 10,000 races in
the
universe of course this is only his side
of the story and no one can tell whether
it is true or not however from the fact
that he was able to get first place it
seemed that this Neptune Clan
indeed had something as the information
video was watched both luu and Xiao Jing
instantly felt the pressure the
universal 10,000 races were indeed as
strong as the clouds even an existence
like Jong dong Pavilion had unexpectedly
ranked seven six
million this is just too much the
S-Class spacecraft Polaris was fast and
it was only about 10 hours before it
arrived at the entrance to the Wormhole
located in the human Colony after
entering the Wormhole and flying for
another 2 hours they finally arrived at
their
destination as the ship rushed out of
the
Wormhole a vast infinite Tower leapt
into view this is The Reincarnation
Tower Xiao Jing was
dumbfounded that's right as a matter of
fact we're already in The Reincarnation
Tower secret realm Xiao wuan said
indifferently already luu was a little
surprised as he carefully perceived it
he did feel a little different but he
couldn't tell where it was different
that's right the rules here are
different from the normal rules of the
universe everything is real and real
there is no real sense of living or
dying xiaan Yuan said slowly that great
power who created The Reincarnation
Tower mastered at least three great
Avenues the great da of space the great
da of life and the great da of death
this reincarnation Tower is extremely
special even if the universe is broken
in born and reincarnated countless times
this reincarnation Tower
however still stands listening to Xiao
when yuan's narration luu's heart was
shaken and even though he had already
known all of this before this he still
couldn't help but Marvel when he heard
it again I will bring you to the
entrance of the first level of The
Reincarnation Tower next it's up to you
guys to see where you can break in Xiao
wuan said
indifferently yes yes
the two agreed in the blink of an eye
the ship drilled into the entrance of
the Wheeling Tower just then a prompt
suddenly appeared in front of luu's eyes
a prompt very similar to a system panel
you have entered the confines of The
Reincarnation Tower do you wish to enter
the first floor and undergo the test of
The Reincarnation Tower Lou was slightly
surprised when he looked at the prompt
almost thinking that his system panel
had popped up
upon closer
inspection though there are some
differences for example the text that
one word was
unfamiliar but L you just could read
what it meant just meditate on
acceptance xia wuan spoke at this time
luu didn't think anymore about it and
accepted it directly the next moment luu
appeared on top of a ring not far away
way was a rock giant that stood over 10
m tall his whole body stood there like a
small Mountain at this moment he looked
at the little bitty man in front of him
with dismay how did a little doll come
wasn't this a victory for nothing in the
meantime before luu's eyes the detailed
rules of the first level of The
Reincarnation Tower appeared tier one
battle of the Ring please defeat 10
opponents in a row if if you lose or
concede defeat in the middle of the
process you will be
recounted if you are directly killed by
the other team you will be eliminated
directly limited time 12 hours if the
challenge is
successful you will enter the second
level and have an additional chance to
break into the Tower of
reincarnation if you fail the challenge
you will be directly eliminated and you
will no longer be able to enter The
Reincarnation Tower to break in current
wins zero opponent fire in the Rock the
battle will begin in 100 seconds please
be patient because he had read these
rules in advance luu simply scanned them
and raised his head to observe the big
guy in front of him of the Rock God race
luu opened his mouth and asked of the
human race fire in the rock grinned
luu this name of yours
it seems a bit familiar chapter 98
silence as if dead rewarded plus more
the languages of different races are
naturally not the same but at this
moment this fire in the Rock opened his
mouth to speak even if the voice is dull
the tone is strange and the language is
unheard of Lou you can understand what
he is saying this was the special nature
of The Reincarnation Tower and even the
entire secret realm of
reincarnation the rules here are
completely different from the real
Universe listening to the words of fire
in the Rock luu Drew out a long sword
smiled and said soon you will know why
it feels familiar in luu's hand was a
first rank alloy long sword it wasn't
the Zoli Shin Ching sword that he had
obtained earlier this was also due to
the special nature of The Reincarnation
Tower secret realm as it was a first
realm reincarnation Tower so any item
that exceeded the first rank could not
be brought in before coming here xia
wuan had specially given him this long
sword Rock in the fire looked at this
little doll raising his long sword for a
moment he smiled even more happily he
lowered his head and said running into
me in the first round you're really
unlucky it's not too late for you to
admit defeat now or else if you're
killed by me you'll be eliminated
straight away in the ring battle on the
first level if you were killed it would
be declared that you had failed to break
through the barrier and that would be
the end of it on the
contrary if you admit defeat you can
continue to fight until you have saved
up 10 wins that's the trick to breaking
in on the first level when you meet an
absolutely strong enemy surrender
decisively
if you're not careful about getting
seconds then you're just
eliminated the
moment hearing this luu raised his head
and said I won't admit defeat you can
admit defeat
instead you can't beat me fire in The
Rock he was kind enough to warn him but
this little doll even got on his nerves
he even asked him to admit defeat what a
o in the
meantime the rock gods nearly a 100
planets that are broadcasting the battle
Rock Central flame was a pride of the
Rock God Clan who had previously broken
through to the sixth floor with the
highest ranking of
812 now he's regrouping and striking
again for a while almost the entire Rock
God Clan was watching his charge with
fire in the Rock appearing in the ring
tens of billions of
Spectators shouting at the same time
fire in the Rock fire in the Rock fire
in the Rock without a doubt he was the
pride of the entire Rock God Clan who is
he up against as the figure slowly
coalesced the host responsible for the
end of the broadcast froze and so did
the viewers of the Rock God Clan's
nearly 100 planets what the hell Rock
sent Central Fire's opponent was
actually a little doll this little
doll's name is luu and so on why does
the name sound familiar the host quickly
reacted wasn't this the Crown Prince of
the human race hahha Dash the host just
couldn't help himself and immediately
let out a bright smile then turned to
the camera and said with an excited face
I didn't expect it I didn't expect it
the hero of our Rock God Clan actually
encountered in the first round the son
of the human Marshall Saint the only son
of that 10 Realm of the human race
luu I'm sure everyone has heard his
story in the previous human race Emperor
star trial selection he recklessly
played with the rules by virtue of his
honorable status that was clearly a
one-on-one trial place but he gathered
hundreds of people and pushed across the
entire Battlefield
and even got the first place
afterwards in order to avoid things
getting too big the organizers gave more
than 10 000000 extra spots it was like a
handout to those Geniuses of the human
race I really didn't expect that such an
arrogant and domineering little guy
would actually dare to come and break
into The Reincarnation Tower could it be
that he thinks that this reincarnation
Tower is a trial selection for other
races that anyone would deliberately
give way to him because of his status it
has to be said this is a battle without
suspense but it's an interesting one all
the same friends of the audience please
record the next footage so that we can
witness how the son of the human Clan's
Marshall Saint was ravaged by our
genius this video it should fetch a good
price accompanied by The host's Voice
the Rock God race Spectators of nearly
100 planets one by one became excited
the human race was a newly risen and
Powerful group compared to them the Rock
God race could only be considered a
medium group and their overall strength
was much worse if it was abusing the
Geniuses of the human race it was
nothing at all there were simply too
many Geniuses of the human race and the
human race didn't have an advantage in
the early Realms in the first place it
wasn't something to be proud of at all
but if it was the Crown Prince of the
human race it would be a completely
different story it was a pretty
interesting fight in the live broadcast
screen Rock Center fire can't bear to
abuse this little doll let him quickly
admit defeat he actually turned around
and let Rock Center fire admit defeat
and said Rock Center fire is not his
opponent at all seeing this scene many
of the Rock God Clan Spectators burst
out laughing it's true that he's the
arrogant and bossy Prince who's used to
it you're so Fearless that you think
everyone will give in to him this is a
battle of all the Clans not you playing
house by yourself hearing this rock
Central fire was obviously rendered
speechless by the whole thing and
directly stopped speaking unlike the
Rock God Clan's high level of concern on
The Human Side
no one had relayed luu's battle yet not
many people even knew that luu had
already come out of the gate to break
into The Reincarnation Tower because he
had only mentioned this matter in the
heroes of the great summer group he had
rushed straight to the reincarnation
Tower so the news hadn't spread for a
while the 100 second lead time ends
quickly the battle has begun die the
fire in the Rock raised its huge palm
and casually slapped it down as if it
were an ant as the palm of the hand fell
it was as if a mountain peak had tumbled
down giving rise to a sense of Despair
that was hard to resist it's potential L
was a bit surprised and jumped back
violently to avoid the slap Boom the
slap made a loud noise as it hit the
ring the little bugs are quick to escape
fire and The Rock grinned and continued
to attack as he ran the ground
rumbled almost like an earthquake the
difficulty of The Reincarnation Tower is
really high a random opponent is so
strong or is it because of my strength
that I was matched with this kind of
opponent luu thought like this and
continued to observe fire in the Rocks
moves with several attacks being easily
dodged fire in The Rock was made a
little impatient his eyes widened damn
little bug all you can do is run away L
you heard this but smiled
unmoved a few simple observations were
enough there was no need to keep playing
around without the slightest
hesitation he swung out his sword puman
sword light at first this sword was
considered a killing move for him if you
use it just a little bit a few times you
will run out of gas now this sword but
but it was lifted and
relaxed this sword chopped away streams
of light sword intent like fire fast to
the extreme fire in the Rock snorted
coldly and resisted hard with his
powerful physical body sure enough it
didn't hurt at all scratchy attack next
fire in The Rock was still planning to
attack again but was shocked to realize
that his body was out of command the
large head then rolled down with a loud
bang fire in the Rock
eliminated after defeating his strong
enemy luu remained
expressionless as if it were a trivial
and insignificant matter a result to be
taken for granted in the meantime The
Rock got race Spectators on nearly a 100
planets all stared in disbelief when
they saw this scene this one living
planet at this moment seem to be dead
silent fourth shift this chapter is a
reward plus chapter
99 how is that possible as early as luu
had dodged fire in the Rocks attacks a
few times some Spectators had sensed
that something was wrong this Crown
Prince of the human race it seems that
he is not the rumored straw man goods
and still has some strength
otherwise he wouldn't have been able to
dodge the attack of fire in the Rock
several times ordinary Goods would have
been slapped into muchh long ago he on
the other hand has managed to dodge it
repeatedly that speed alone is
extraordinary sure enough rumors still
can't be completely trusted thinking
about it it was right at least it was
the heir of a 10 realm or the only son
how could it really be a simple
commodity but not much of a threat if
it's just body
agility after all while fire in the Rock
could miss 10,000 times he couldn't miss
once just miss once and it's death just
as all the rock God race Spectators were
thinking this luu struck out with his
sword just a sword chopped out the
movement of the fire in the Rock
suddenly stopped and the next thing is
that the huge had rolled down with a
bang at this instant all the rock God
race Spectators were
confused one by one they all couldn't
help but rub their eyes was that a blur
or were you
hallucinating they actually saw that
fire in The Rock was killed by a sword
is this really not a dream nope that's
true these Rock God clansmen for a
moment could not believe their eyes
much less accept such a fact just now
also in the passionate commentary host
at this moment open mouth but half a
long time cannot speak the face is
turned reddish purple almost fainted on
the spot the word went up quickly the
Supreme Being of the Rock God Clan The
Rock God couldn't help but be furious
after hearing this news no the human
race luu of the human race he's actually
this strong who the hell was roring that
he was an arrogant and domineering
prince in the first place go find out
for me if we hadn't been misled by this
news fire in the Rock definitely
wouldn't have lost so badly the human
race is a powerful race The Rock God
race can't afford to mess with it for
the time being so they can only vent
their anger on the person who spread the
rumor in the first place in in the
meantime when fire in The Rock was
eliminated he returned to the spaceship
he was in compared to the tall Stone man
next to him the 10 odd meter height of
the fire in The Rock was rather small
that was his master and likewise his
high grandfather Rock luo the strength
was the ninth realm a great emperor rock
luo blanced at the returning Rock
Central fire with some surprise and
asked
strangely how come it's over so quickly
I fire in The Rock was speechless for a
moment and only after a long time did he
say I was
eliminated
eliminated by whom Rock luo asked in
Surprise could it be that with your
defense and strength you couldn't admit
defeat in time did you meet the top few
experts in The Reincarnation Tower
rankings no fire in the rock shook his
head and said
helplessly what Master said I naturally
kept it in my heart if I encountered
those top ranked experts I would never
go up to challenge them without any
self-importance but rather decisively
chose to
surrender resave the victories but the
opponent this time I simply couldn't
imagine that he had such strength the
speed of his moves was just too fast I
didn't even react and was eliminated
who is he rock rock asked with some
curiosity who has such an ability that
seems to be a human fellow who seems to
be very young in age and his name is luu
fire in the Rock replied human race
luu hearing this name Rock Lua was
puzzled for a moment and quickly
remembered could it be him you know
Master fire in the Rock hurriedly
inquired whom Rock luo nodded and slowly
said you should have heard of his
reputation before the only son of the
human Marshall Saint so it's him fire in
The Rock's eyes widened before he
reacted no wonder he always felt that
the name luu sounded a bit
familiar but how could he be so strong
fire in the Rock said with some doubt
Rock luo glanced at this foolish
disciple of his
obviously the rumors aren't
believable how could the only son of a
marshall Saint be really weak and with
the matching mechanism of the first
level of The Reincarnation Tower it
definitely won't give you food fail this
one and you're down to your last chance
are you going to break in now or are you
going to adjust your state cultivate for
a few days and then break in again when
fire in the Rock heard this he thought
for a moment and said I'm going to
cultivate for a few days before going to
make a break for it this failure made
him feel so unlucky it will have to be
in a few days get in shape in the
meantime with luu's easy victory over
fire in the Rock the news spread no one
had expected that the prince of the
human race who had been scoffed by all
the races at the beginning had defeated
the highest ranked Rock God race expert
of 812 in The Reincarnation Tower it was
still an easy chop with a sword this is
no small news as the news spread it
caused quite a stir
instead it was an afterthought on the
side of the human
Community these days a lot of people
find out the first level of The
Reincarnation tower has a hidden
matching mechanism
that is the stronger you are the easier
it is to match up with the best of
course it's only
relative there are also examples of weak
ones that are frequently matched to
strong ones it's not 100% a Powerhouse
matchup it's just a relatively high
probability the moment luu's second
opponent the name is
Amisha it was a long-haired woman in a
white dress her eyes were
turquoise and her looks were extremely
sweet and cute extremely similar to a
human's face except that her ears were
slightly longer and she had a pair of
translucent Wings on her back elves luu
asked curiously as he looked at the
woman in front of him Amish sha who had
long white hair and a white dress nodded
as she smiled and asked little brother
are you of the human
race right luu nodded big sister you'd
better surrender or else you won't be
able to surrender if you're chopped by
my sword putt Amisha couldn't help but
laugh out loud luu's tiny body tender
face and crisp voice but when he said
these words in a serious manner it was a
bit funny Ami shook her head and said
with a smile little brother don't Bluff
me with that kind of words my highest
ranking is
988 there's absolutely no way you can
decapitate me with a single sword top
988 luu couldn't help but Furrow his
brows when he heard this meaning that
this Amisha was even stronger than Hong
Xiao Jun I wonder how it compares to
that big guy of Stone from before as the
countdown ended to be
conservative luu decided to take the
lead puman sword light the light of the
sword flashed by as fast as it could be
at the instant the sword light was swung
out this Elvin Amisha her scalp tingled
and her body's instincts kept warning
her danger
danger
danger nay this sword was really too
fast there was no way to dodge she
hastily raised her hand to resist a
layer of translucent light Shield
surfaced at the position of her
arm however the light Shield was
shredded in just an instant it was
actually impossible to resist for even a
moment Aisha's heart was appalled her
beautiful eyes filled with shock how is
it possible Dash chapter 100 the human
race boils over Amisha had just been
nice and calm
no matter what she was at least an
expert within the highest ranking of
1,000 can you still come up here and
kill me in seconds is there not even a
chance to admit defeat just kidding as a
result it was just a sword just a sword
she then suffered a life and death
crisis and didn't even have time to
surrender it wasn't until this instant
that she reacted to the fact that what
luu had just said to her wasn't a joke
but a kind reminder it's just a shame
that it's obviously too late for regrets
the instant the light Shield shattered
her two Jade arms were neatly severed
and the sword still had unabated
momentum directly cutting off her entire
body without even a breath Amisha had
collapsed in a pool of blood with her
strong
Vitality before she was
eliminated Amisha very reluctantly
raised her head and glanced at luu's
figure as if to memorize his appearance
luu looked down at Amisha and said
softly is this the expert whose highest
ranking is
988 how come it feels weaker than the
last one Amish sha who was struggling to
raise her head just happened to hear
this and only felt that she was being
humiliated but she had no way to refute
it so for a while she was angry and
anxious and couldn't hold on any longer
and her eyes went black and she was
directly
eliminated in the meantime Elven
Community the elves had mastered several
starfields and over a thousand living
planets a powerful group no less than
the human
community at the moment with Amisha
eliminated all the elves tuning into
this game were
stunned what my elf God no way the
little guy from the human race is
actually this strong he seems to be the
Crown Prince of the human race
luu that Prince of the human race that
was rumored before he's actually strong
like this who's rumored he's an arrogant
and bossy guy this sword is
terrifying with a Misha's
elimination there was a sudden shock
wave in the Elven race even though she
wasn't the strongest of the elves she
was the top of the bunch with high hopes
of breaking into the top 500 or less now
it was surprisingly killed by a sword so
how strong is her
opponent really I can't imagine even Yak
the strongest person of the elf clan who
ranked more than a 100 did not dare to
say that he could kill Amisha with a
single strike doesn't this mean that the
only son of the the human rac's Marshall
Saint Has the strength of the top 100 or
even higher with the decapitation of
Amisha with a single sword there was no
doubt that luu who was already gaining
Fame was once again famous in the
meantime human
communities finally someone received the
news of luu's Entry the men rushed to
check it out throughout the
reincarnation
Tower any race could access the
breakthroughs of people from their own
race and could also be relayed in real
time soon they saw luu's combat record
battle one against The Rock God Clans
fire in the Rock battle two against
Amisha of the elves what kind of luck is
that both fire and The Rock and Amisha
broke into the top thousand rankings
it's solid top Notch power of course
even so Lu you won that's awesome as
expected of the son of a martial arts
saint but when they checked the details
they were directly stunned against fire
in the Rock the battle took 1 minute and
3 seconds and the battle ended with luu
winning against Amish sha the battle
took 7 seconds and the battle ended with
with lu you winning in the former case
you could still say a word a strong
Man's Battle Is So Swift but what was
the case with the ladder 7 Seconds
what's wrong with that seconds right off
the bat even if Amisha was slightly
worse than fire in the Rock the
difference was definitely not too great
so how could she be given seconds in 7
Seconds this is just too much but this
was the information automatically
recorded by The Reincarnation Tower and
it was definitely not fake in other
words luu had literally decapitated
Amisha in 7 Seconds when word got back
to the human
community no doubt about it the entire
human Community was a buzz even quite a
few Marshall Kings and martial Emperors
couldn't help but applaud when they
heard this news in the major internet
forums the news about luu was a direct
explosion good news good news Marshall
Saints only son luu has started to break
into The Reincarnation Tower that's
right luu is really too strong simply
Invincible how many floors has he broken
into first
floor no only the first layer what's
there to brag about it's also the first
level the gold content is not the same
same aren't you guys curious about who
luu's opponent is luu's two opponents
are both Supreme experts within the
highest ranking of
1,000 asterisk asterisk asterisk
asterisk what kind of matching mechanism
is this it's so unfair Lou you won't win
right of course I won even this can win
the son of the Marshall Saint is really
something more than that more than that
yes not only did he win I heard that he
also killed his opponent with one sword
the entire battle took only 7 Seconds at
the
fastest what 7 seconds if you don't know
ask how many top ranked Geniuses can you
break into when you kill the highest
ranked one 0000 0 in 7 Seconds I'd say
top 300 at the very least
I think 200 be bold 50th Place crazy
you're all crazy 50th place is too much
but there's really hope I didn't expect
Lu you to be so powerful
Meanwhile by yuyo who heard this news
blinked with some surprise this is going
to break into The Reincarnation Tower
you didn't even greet me and without a
word
you gave me such a big
surprise at this moment the sand
sculpture groupmates within the great
summer Heroes chat group were thrilled
to hear this news and each one of them
was proud and honored Big Brother
bullpucky voice breaking big brother is
the light of the human race charge
charge charge big brother keep charging
charge to number one when The
Reincarnation Tower broadcasting program
team knew about this news they reacted
quickly and directly began broadcasting
luu's battle reincarnation
Tower first floor luu sized up the
opponent in front of him and asked with
some
curiosity you wouldn't also be an expert
within the top 1,000 rankings would you
luu's third opponent was a foreigner
named hoara with no obvious external
features and it was unknown which ethnic
group he was from hearing this
nahuan subconsciously asked why do you
ask luu replied because my two previous
opponents were both experts within the
highest ranking of
1,000 warang reacted instantly when he
heard that luu's two previous opponents
were both within the highest ranking of
1,000 so he felt that he should be as
well but he's not his highest ranking
was 99
,000 almost a million places that's a
big difference from a thousand then
you're unlucky enough to have
encountered this kind of expert
continuously warang looked at the little
guy in front of him with pitiful eyes
chapter 101 his Dash hearing his
opponent's words Lou you couldn't help
but smile what are you laughing at
warang was a little taken aback I was
laughing it seems that this matching
mechanism isn't so against me luu opened
his mouth and said when Hub heard this
he was a bit upset although he was a
dish he was at least
990 0000
th which wasn't really too bad as a
result this little guy actually looked
down on him isn't it true that if you're
not in the top one 0000 0 you're not a
master warang sneered and asked how did
you know they were ranked within a
thousand they told me themselves luu
replied seeing that you're pitiful so I
let you admit defeat warang smiled
contemptuously then you're really lucky
no they were cut down by my sword luu
shook his head warang he stared in
dismay
for a moment there was some disbelief in
his ears is this little guy really not
kidding no it can't be absolutely not
that joke of yours it's not funny warang
frowned and shook his head
saying actually I was quite
surprised Lu you
continued it was my first time breaking
into the reincarnation Tower
and I didn't expect that those few
people they couldn't even stop me from
using a sword it may not be that they
are too weak but that I am too strong
hearing these calm words from luu hu
yuan's heart was in a state of awe and
disbelief no dude are you
serious no not right definitely bluffing
it can't be that simple to be fooled
warang let out a deep breath his eyes
gradually becoming Resolute it's useless
even if you say that I won't be
disturbed by you luu smiled
helplessly 100 seconds flew by luu
casually swung his sword in the next
instant waring's head flew high in the
air his eyes filled with dismay so it
was all true but what the hell kind of
matching mechanism is this at this point
the Battle Is Over combat Time 1 second
it was over without even a second to be
exact luu's face remained calm at this
moment he had quite a feeling of open
speed pass it was obvious that every
meeting was a second but waiting for the
battle to start took a full 100 seconds
time wasted but that was the rule
and he couldn't change it as this sword
cut out there was no doubt that the
entire human Community boiled over a
living planet hundreds of millions of
viewers all of them couldn't help but
shout out as they watched the live
broadcast in front of them the previous
rumors after all is hearing is false
this moment of live
broadcast it is seeing is believing a
sword what a fast sword taking out your
opponent in a Flash and the fight took a
second the Gap is just too big what an
unlucky Foreigner boy cool it was
awesome worthy of being the son of a
marshall Saint who still says that the
first place in the tower of trials in
the first place had no gold content this
opponent is ranked
990,000 so it's actually not that bad it
was still instantly
secured these previous days with
successive losses and a best result of
no more than a thousand the entire human
Community was depressed although people
said on their lips that the human race
didn't have too much of an advantage in
the early Realms and that the next few
reincarnation Towers caught up with them
who wouldn't want to see the human race
start battling it out in the first few
reincarnation Towers if they could
reasons are just reasons the foreigners
taunt you
and you still have no way to refute it
but can only grit your teeth and say
we'll see the human race is bound to
grow thick and thin but now the hope of
the human race has at last
appeared at this moment luu had already
won three consecutive victories and at
this rate would 10 consecutive victories
be Far Behind Blue Star cabinet meeting
jonza held his chin in boredom and
quickly browsed through the
information suddenly he saw something
and his eyes lit up whom
luu it's really the teacher's son
without realizing it he has become so
strong whether it's an expert ranked
around a thousand or a million it's all
chopped up with one sword this strength
is quite okay I don't know Which floor
can he break into Lu xang Hong who was
presiding over the cabinet meeting saw
jonza not far away muttering and not
knowing what he was muttering about and
couldn't help but ask
shonza if there's something going on can
you just say it out loud for us to hear
hearing this jonza raised his head and
said directly about The Reincarnation
Tower The Reincarnation Tower
what happened to The Reincarnation Tower
a rising star has appeared in the human
race tell me about it the crowd heard
this and asked jonza smiled and
continued that little fellow luu you all
should
remember just now he also went to break
into The Reincarnation Tower how did it
turn out someone subconsciously asked I
heard that he participated in the tower
of of Trials and fooled around before
but I didn't realize that he really went
to break into The Reincarnation Tower
someone said in Surprise jonza didn't
sell himself short and said with a smile
very good very good an expert within a
thousand of the highest rankings of The
Reincarnation Tower and he just gave it
a chop with a single sword when these
words came out the cabinet which was
still lively and full of of pleasant air
instantly fell silent everyone stared in
disbelief what what did you say this as
cabinet
ministers basically all of them were
hundreds of years old and one of them
was not too bad in terms of strength so
they naturally knew that the gold
content of this sword
decapitation it was only quiet for a
long while but the cabinet was once
again bustling with activity
the crowd couldn't help but mingle and
there were even quite a few people who
didn't care about the occasion and
directly opened the broadcasting
platform to watch the battle live Lu
shanghong listened to the noisy voices
before he came back to his senses and he
said in dismay
surprisingly it's so powerful in the
meantime near the Tower of
reincarnation Hong xao jun jong donga
Jing XI
Shia Jean and zonu were the few people
who received this news
coincidentally luu is out of the gate
luu has broken into The Reincarnation
Tower and luu has begun to make a
killing the three successive opponents
two with the highest rankings within a,
and one with
990 0000 0 without exception we all
swept away this Hong xuan's eyes were
dismayed it was a little hard to believe
his highest ranking hadn't even squeezed
into the
1000 his strength it's gone even further
Jang donga said in
Surprise this seclusion of his it turns
out that he's really in seclusion jeni
was a bit shocked this progress is too
exaggerated there's no doubt that he's
much stronger than when he was in the
tower of trial and refin
too much stronger Shia Jin's scalp was a
little numb before he was wondering if
luu dared not come but he didn't expect
this to hit him in the face there's an
update luu has defeated another one also
with a single sword kill how strong is
the opponent this time he his highest
ranking is
5133 what his Dash chap 102 other people
break through the barrier you speed pass
reward plus inside the
spaceship several people were in a bit
of a trance Jing she had even more mixed
feelings thinking back to the other day
in the tower of Trials he was still able
to go through the motions with luu
although he was still defeated by luu in
the end he had almost pushed him to the
end of his mountain and his Chi was
almost exhausted
I heard that in the end he was even
pushed and directly raised his arm and
swept the entire trial Battlefield with
500 to 600 people now how long had it
been since the original encounter in the
tower of Trials how could luu have
become so strong Jeni's mind was shaken
this time in The Reincarnation Tower his
best result he didn't even manage to
rush in at 10 00 Z th place
luu however was able to kill the highest
ranked 513 expert with a single
sword this to be honest Jing she really
didn't want to believe it but the facts
were in front of him and he couldn't
help but believe them snapped jingshi
suddenly remembered the intelligence he
had seen earlier when luu participated
in the tower of Trials the time he
started
cultivating full stop was but a month in
just one month he was able to eliminate
Jang donga zongi Wu and him in
succession now a month had also passed
since the Tower of Trials so it seems
reasonable for luu to become so strong
so then jingshi spoke out his thoughts a
few people on the side froze when they
heard this this does that make sense
reasonable my ass what kind of person
gets stronger without any bottleneck at
all this cultivation to become stronger
was simply the same as eating and
drinking water they had cultivated for
so long they had simply cultivated to
the dogs it can only be described as
Heavenly and
terrifying JN donga couldn't help but
say with emotion suddenly he thought of
the words his cousin yangang bangu had
comforted him with so long ago brother
luu is so powerful it's normal that you
can't defeat him it's not that you're
too weak it's that he's too strong at
that time
jiangdong who was ashamed could not be
comforted a little after all in his
opinion losing to a three-year-old was
simply too
humiliating so how could he be at peace
with himself and how could he take it
for granted almost saved headlong as the
blood rushed up in his veins but a great
man can stretch he eventually slowed
down and adjusted his mind at this
moment looking back he suddenly realized
that he was not as good as his cousin
Jiang bangu in the beginning to see
through it in fact not to mention them
even a marshall King who brought them
over couldn't help but sigh at this
moment is this the son of the Marshall
Saint this kind of talent is really
enviable after so many years of
cultivation he had only managed to enter
the Marshall King realm and he already
felt that it was difficult to move
forward by an inch and if he didn't have
any strange Encounters in the future he
would more than likely stop here as a
matter of fact a marshall King realm
Powerhouse was already a genius among
geniuses and a demon among demons
casting the golden body realizing the
Dharma body creating the Dharma phase
controlling the domain and stepping into
the rules to break through this
difficult barrier and step over this
mountain in order to achieve the
Marshall King realm at almost every
hurdle countless people are stopped but
it was such a marshall King who was
envious of luu's talent at this moment
and when the Jang donga few people on
the side heard this their hearts were
shocked but they didn't even feel that
there was anything wrong don't look at
the fact that there was only a
difference of one realm between the
Marshall Emperor realm and the Marshall
King realm but if we were to talk about
the difficulty this was going to be a
lot harder than all of the difficult
levels in front of it put together the
further back you go the harder the road
gets natural Talent enlightenment
it's so
important not far from Jong donga and
the others there was an extremely large
spacecraft this was the official diaa
the Airship that specialized in
transporting Geniuses to this place
inside the Airship at the moment not to
say that it was
overcrowded but it was a bit crowded
whether it was to go to the cultivation
field or to take a bath or to eat all of
them needed to queue up they were the
Geniuses of the major planets yes but
there were just too many Geniuses to be
worth anything given the immense total
at first they were complaining that the
official attitude towards them was too
light they were fighting for the glory
of the human race and the conditions in
treatment were too
average however after they broke into
The Reincarnation tower for a bit each
and every one of them became honest
fighting for the human race
how can you talk about competing for
Glory when you can't even break into the
fifth floor and leave your name behind
of course there were individual Geniuses
who had killed their way into the fifth
level but the rankings were generally in
the tens of millions and the better ones
in the millions and hundreds of
thousands this is the cruelty of the
competition among the 10,000 races it's
true that they are geniuses of the human
race but in the scope of the the entire
universe they are nothing just then a
message traveled through the ship the
Marshall Saints only son has come to
break into The Reincarnation Tower even
though he was still fighting a ring
battle on the first floor his opponents
were not simple and within the four
there were actually three whose highest
rankings were within a
thousand however even with such a
powerful opponent it was still chopped
by his sword upon hearing this news many
people's first reaction was
disbelief while more people couldn't
help but burst out laughing no one will
believe it after all this is just crazy
the human race has not broken into the
Thousand or less so far as a result that
kind of expert to L you here but a sword
chopped no way absolutely not as word
spread more and more people gathered
around the screens in the event Plaza
inside the massive
Airship here the luu fight is being
broadcast believe it or not they crowded
in unanimously to get a glimpse then
these Geniuses of the human race saw a
scene that they would never
forget a sword a sword still a sword
regardless of any opponent he
encountered a strong person from any
ethnic group Lu you would always kill
them with a single sword strike whether
it was the highest ranked around 500 or
around 10 0000 0 without exception none
of them could block luu's sword
Fierce it's too vicious inside the huge
spacecraft all the human Geniuses
subconsciously held their breaths as
they looked at the image in front of
them the scene was silent and the
originally noisy event Square was
actually a pin drop everyone's scalp was
numb and goosebumps Rose all over their
body even the passing Marshall King
stared blankly at the screen with a
shocked expression 10 consecutive
victories without any suspense luu
easily broke through the first
barrier next luu didn't stop too much
and headed directly to the second level
then there was the third level
the fourth level and the fifth level
obviously these layers of hurdles were
all difficult hurdles for the Geniuses
of the 10,000 races of the universe and
they needed to go through them slowly
but for
louu it was as simple as eating and
drinking a sweeping punchline While
others were breaking in he played speed
pass accompanied by The Roaring collapse
of the Guardian monster of the fifth
level
luu stepped lightly on his feet and
leapt up stepping into the sixth level
of The Reincarnation Tower to this point
luu had caught up with the top Geniuses
of the 10,000 races in the universe as
luu continued to break through the
Geniuses and powerhouses of the 10,000
races in the universe almost
coincidentally knew the news no doubt
about it the entire universe is a buzz
with it fourth shift continuing to add
more this chapter is still rewarded and
added chapter 103 future Marshall Saint
10 realms hidden secrets it had been 11
days since The Reincarnation tower
opened its appearance attracted the
attention of almost the entire
universe whether they were ordinary
beings who didn't even have a realm or
terrifying deities who had stepped into
the 10th realm they were all paying
attention to this Cosmic event even some
of the war zones that had been fighting
for years had thus suspended their
killings and the two sides tacitly
withdrew their troops to enjoy this rare
piece this and luu's previous life
Olympic Games is somewhat similar of
course both the scale and influence more
than 10,000 times a billion times larger
between the major star fields of the
universe a group of top powerhouses
talked and laughed while watching the
competition of their Juniors breaking
through the one realm reincarnation
Tower was only the beginning of this
event it's more than appropriate to say
it's an
appetizer the first realm the very first
realm corresponded to the cultivation of
skin and flesh and it was very difficult
for this realm to break out into
exciting battles even if some races in
the universe were blessed with great
defense attack and speed right from
birth however under the limitations of
the first realm the strength that could
be utilized was still quite limited
until a certain session of The
Reincarnation Tower there is a brain is
very clever human kid chose to destroy
the foundation to repair and then with
the unique
advantages successfully killed the top
three pick up a treasure for nothing at
that time this outrageous and todry
operation directly caused the shock of
all the races in the universe so it
could still be played like this and so
it was under the influence of this
little human wit the originally
uneventful one realm reincarnation Tower
directly became unprecedentedly intense
you
rolled I rolled we all rolled together
to this day not to say that all of those
who broke into The Reincarnation Tower
at least the vast majority
99
99% were Foundation destruction
rehabilitators in this one realm
reincarnation Tower a true one realm was
conversely a rare existence and there
are only a handful of the first realm
that can get the results there was no
doubt that in such a rolled
environment there was still a real realm
that could kill its way out so how
terrifying would this guy's natural
Talent be and luu that's one such
example he pushed all the way across
playing The Reincarnation Tower as a
speed pass game and in just a few hours
he had rushed to the sixth floor keeping
up with the top Geniuses of the 10,000
races to perform like this to say that
it was stunning naturally quite stunning
to say that it was
powerful naturally quite powerful but to
say that it would make the entire
universe SE with excitement it was far
from enough it was because before him
there were already several Heavenly
Prides that had performed like this but
unlike them luu didn't destroy his
foundation and
retrain he was truly in the first realm
this was the point that made the 10,000
races of the universe the countless
Spectators shocked and marveled could it
be that
his future is more than just a marshal
Emperor will there be a second Marshal
Saint in the human race the second
Marshall Saint this kind of thing is
horrifying just to think about in the
middle of the icy Starry Sky
alone huge Planet floated quite tangibly
with no stars or asteroids around it
suddenly the huge Planet opened its huge
one eye that dark yellow bizarre pupil
if someone were to glance at it they
would instantly enter a state of
insanity he is the star God
Corsair the great being of the star God
community at this moment he gazed at the
distant reincarnation Tower as if he
wanted to see the Intruder inside
through this reincarnation Tower luu
Chang shing's son a true first realm
Heavenly Pride a future Marshall Saint
ho ho ho if it's undeniable that is
indeed considered a true Heavenly Pride
ah but it's simply impossible to achieve
the 10th realm not even if his natural
Talent OR Enlightenment is high the 10th
realm is not that simple with that
little flame of civilization of the
human race it's already an incredible
miracle for a Lu chaning to appear
unless Lu Ching is willing to fulfill
his son otherwise one day this genius
among genius es will gradually realize
that on the path to the 10th realm it's
his old man who's blocking the way when
the time comes I wonder how he'll feel
star God corses couldn't help but wonder
I wonder how this Lu Chang xang seeing
his son's performance will feel the
eighth realm to the ninth realm was then
more difficult than the many Realms
before it combined and with the ninth
realm to the 10th realm it was no longer
just a matter of difficulty simply
proving an unprecedented doubt would be
difficult for almost all of the nine
Realms and that however is the obvious
difficulty the true secret was known
only to him the powerful ones who had
once broken through the 10th rank
proving the da was only the first step
the Second Step was with the help of the
flame of
civilization and the third step also
required the corpse of an old God in
order to complete the final Ascension to
the godl long stage breaking into the
Supreme 10 realms the human race didn't
have much civilization fire it could
only Supply One martial Saint and it was
absolutely impossible for a second one
to appear in fact the way to have a
second Marshall Saint appear again was
not without a solution continuing to
expand the planetary territory and
multiply the Race's
population while also swallowing the
civilization fires of other races so
that the rac's civilization fires would
continue to grow before the second 10
realms would appear and this two was the
reason why the 10,000 races of the
universe were constantly targeting the
human race a 10 realms that was still
alive was far too powerful than these
old gods of theirs and if they didn't go
and restrict the human race and allow
them to appear as a second Marshall Sage
it would be the end of the line once the
second Marshall Saint appears it will no
longer be possible to restrict it and
soon there will be a third Marshall
Saint and a fourth when the time comes
shall we not drive them the evil Gods to
Extinction the probability is small but
not
impossible the thing that these old gods
most of all wish to see was that Lu
Chang Chang would continue to move
towards the long steps of ascending to
godhood at that time he would no longer
be a marshall saint but a marshall God
same with him God once Lu Chang xang
became a marshall God his own self would
gradually distort over the long years at
that time the human race it would no
longer be possible for a new Marshall
Saint to appear it would no longer be a
threat in the
meantime Marshall Saints residence
bayu yya was excitedly yelling and
screaming constantly cheering for her
son's genius performance and celebrating
in all sorts of ways Lu Chang xang was
relatively more calm but his eyes lit up
and he couldn't help but exclaim in
admiration as expected of my son this
time he came out of the gate he gave me
a surprise only at the first realm has
he begun to master
inscriptions and there are more than one
or two at least 10 inscriptions have
been mastered even though Lu you didn't
show the inscription the Discerning Lu
changing still saw it at a glance
inscription BYU ya turned back in shock
when she heard this how is it possible
for the first realm to master
inscriptions nothing is
impossible Lu Chang xang smiled faintly
as long as one is talented enough
anything is possible by Yu ya nodded
then
realized no wonder no wonder he can be
so relaxed and cozy breaking through to
the sixth level in one breath so it's
because he's mastered the
inscription I have to say brother when
youan taught me really well I don't even
have that skill Lu Chang xang smiled
could it be that this kid can really
become a marshall Saint in the future by
Yu Yao couldn't help but say it's hard
and
difficult but not
impossible Lu Chang xang said so of
course he knew about the hidden matters
of the broken 10 realm but so what
chapter 104 Mission progress luu had
just arrived at the sixth floor when a
monster directly pounced on him this is
the monster blocking the entrance many
Heavens Pride after breaking through to
a new level we just breathing a sigh of
relief only to be caught off guard by a
sneak attack a carelessness that was
sent straight back quite a few Heaven's
Pride had suffered this loss that's why
it was eliminated right off the bat
there are quite a few examples of this
and it can be a heartbreaking
experience however luu belonged to the
later group and knowing this in advance
he naturally did not let his guard down
and with a backhanded sword
he slaughtered the monster he continued
on his way just for a moment step into
the safe Zone not far away was a huge
Temple it was bustling with activity
inside that's the rest area on the sixth
floor luu did not hesitate and continued
to walk forward at the same time a
curtain of light appeared before his
eyes the text on it slowly emerged name
luu current floors six current rank
19
702 current area safe area duration of
stay 23 hours and 59 minutes remaining
number of break-ins five once you fail a
level you will start all over again so
please adjust your form as best you can
before continuing your adventure after
the rest time is over if you do not
leave the safe area you will be
automatically teleported to the
dangerous area the light screen in front
of him was somewhat similar to the
system panel luu couldn't help but
Furrow his brows as some speculations
arose in his heart could it be that his
system is somehow related to this
reincarnation Tower I have to say it's
quite possible the origin of this system
is definitely not simple some of this
could be seen from the rewards it gave
dowo embryo pill boundary breaking pill
Dragon Tiger Gold pill nine Revolution
Soul restoration pill pichy luck
suppression Stone Tao Heavenly Dipper
Soul suppression Stone and so on these
things favoring The Immortal side are
out of place with the technological
items of today's Star Wars era most
likely his system came from from the
last reincarnation era even
longer it is said that this
reincarnation Tower then has gone
through an unknown number of
reincarnations for those great
existences that were Immortal and
completely controlled the rules things
like time no longer had any meaning so
here's the question whether it was luu's
system or this reincarnation Tower what
was their purpose just to pred
Geniuses luu raised his head and glanced
at the gorgeous sky above the
reincarnation Tower these answers
perhaps one day he would know but
certainly not now there was no point in
thinking about it at the moment luu
shook his head and threw these
distractions out of his mind he opened
the system panel and glanced at the
quest progress a breath of air from the
first layer rushed to the sixth layer
directly catching up with the footsteps
of the top Geniuses of the upper 10,000
Clans this kind of stunning performance
must have caused quite a stir that was
luu's purpose since you want to complete
the systems Mainline task You Can't Hide
Your
clumsiness and even more so you can't
keep a low profile you have to crush and
sweep once you come up and show a real
Heavenly Pride posture the more stunning
the better the more invincible the
better not only did he want the 10,000
races of the universe to be shocked but
he also wanted to give them chills and
make them remember his name deeply in
this way it was possible to complete the
main quest and obtain the taiu defaced
dhap pill I also wonder did he just
cause enough of a stir with his
breakthrough
performance will it get the job done he
opened the quest progress to take a look
at it and it read current alien Prestige
value 270 million points whom luu raised
his
eyebrows his heart was inevitably a
little
surprised how come it was only this much
270 million reputation points seemed
like a lot but when placed in the scope
of the entire universe it was nothing at
all that's too little to know luu's
previous human Prestige Quest was just a
New Year's congratulations on TV and it
was completed now this Fay Prestige
Quest it's actually this hard he broke
through to the sixth floor in one breath
such a stunning
performance and all he had was this
reputation value how was it
calculated luu frowned and flipped out
the quest introduction to look at it
again as the son of the Marshall Saint
your reputation cannot be limited within
the human race alone
but more so you must make the thousands
of foreign races hear your name and make
them tremble with fear please go to the
battlefield to fight Venture deep into
the secret realm shock thousands of
foreigners with your heavenly talent and
gain 1 billion points of reputation
among their
communities this reincarnation Tower
also counts as a secret realm it should
be correct otherwise the quest progress
wouldn't have
increased the reason it's only increased
so much might be because I'm too small
the means aren't powerful enough either
that's right after all it's only the
first realm even if one performs well
and causes more of a stir it's still
hard to make people tremble not to
mention deterring thousands of foreign
races the description of this mission is
very simple battle in the Sands break
into the secret realm and directly kill
a bloody path thus shocking the 10,000
Clans and now that I've come to The
Reincarnation Tower to make a break for
it I can only say that it's just a
matter of taking advantage of the
situation even if it caused to certain
stir it's hard to gain too much
reputation value a breath of air gained
270 million reputation value which isn't
really a small amount as long as we kill
all the way to the top of the
leaderboards next there's still hope of
completing this Quest thinking this way
luu approached the hall and immediately
heard the voices and quarrels inside
inside the temple many foreign races
gathered here discussing and laughing
there are likewise a few humanoids here
at the moment they were sitting in the
corner resting and didn't dare to make a
sound but even so he was still targeted
by a few foreigners
for rapes that were around 5 m tall with
extremely long arms that almost hung
down to the ground now looked down at
these humans and showed their teeth
since when has there been a place for
your human race here get the hell out of
here when those few people heard this
their faces changed and the leader
gritted his teeth and said this is a
public area anyone can rest here you
guys don't bully people too much
bullying people too much that tall ape
couldn't help but grin from ear to ear
when he heard this so what if I bully
you your human race is the Public Enemy
of all Races I told you guys to get out
told you not to be an eyesore and you
honestly listened unless you guys don't
want to go through the sixth floor when
these words came out the faces of
several human Geniuses turned ugly
the genius at the head of the human race
still want to continue to argue behind
him immediately someone pulled him just
just just there is no need to argue with
this guy go outside to rest is also the
same since he had come to The
Reincarnation Tower it was still
important to break through the barrier
if he was targeted by these foreign
races and stumbled while breaking
through the barrier it would be
difficult
this kind of thing was not uncommon and
many human Geniuses were eliminated
early just because of the targeting of
these foreign races although their own
lack of strength was one aspect without
the targeting of these foreign races the
human races results should have been a
little better people have to bow down
under the roof it can't be helped just
as these few human Geniuses got up a
small figure walked into the midst of
this tall Hall chapter 105 it's all
about being arrogant and bossy when luu
stepped into the Hall many of the fa
subconsciously looked over with just a
glance these Fay froze a little doll
from the human race and it seems a bit
familiar although the news of Lu you
breaking through from the first to the
sixth floor and one breath had caused
the 10,000 races of the universe to be a
buzz with excitement it was impossible
to receive news from the outside world
while Breaking Through The Reincarnation
Tower so these Geniuses of the alien
races were not aware of luu's feet for
the time being there were quite a few
humanoids who had broken through to the
sixth floor and although luu was a
little smaller they didn't feel that luu
was anything special still at this time
some of the Fay recognized him I
remember I told you why he looked so
familiar whom
tell me about it he's luu
luu yes the son of the Marshall Saint
the Crown Prince of the human race oh so
that's him wasn't it said that the
Marshall Saints only son an
arrogant bossy an uneducated fellow was
even able to break through to the sixth
floor
obviously the rumors aren't that
believable and well he's the only son of
a marshall Saint so how can it be that
simple also a group of Fay were
discussing it and a few of the Apes that
drove the humans away cast their eyes
over the leader of the Apes and monkeys
Kik sneered and spoke little dolls of
the human race this is no place for your
human race all of you get out of here
those few
humanoids who had also seen luu froze
for a moment obviously not expecting luu
to be able to break in here when they
heard the ap's words they hesitated for
a moment but still stood out and walked
up to luu's body and the human genius at
the head looked up and said have you
ever heard of a saying of our human race
what's the word kick asked
contemptuously
a scholar can be killed but not
humiliated the leader a human genius
spoke
seriously if you really want to be so
aggressive even if we don't break
through the barrier we'll drag a few of
your ape God Clan fellows down with us
those few Apes were stunned when they
heard this completely not expecting
these few cowardly humanoids to dare to
let out such harsh words to them it's
still a rarity a few Apes quickly
reacted this kid behind them I'm afraid
his status is not generally
honorable that's why they are protecting
him after hearing the discussion behind
him the leader ape immediately
understood the reason oh the Crown
Prince of the human race the son of the
Marshall Saint no wonder you guys dare
to say such things so you're just
showing your loyalty and being a lap dog
k nodded and said so then suddenly
whitened his eyes only this makes things
even more interesting
places
gentlemen AP pointed
condescendingly at luu and said with a
cold smile all of you listen up the
Crown Prince of the human race he barged
in here is there anyone
interested is there anyone whose heart
is moved this is the finest of the
finest of the finest of the finest of
the finest of the finest of the finest
of the finest he he he he a shrill
playful laugh emphasized the immense
smugness of AP Kiker as expected the
moment these words came out almost all
the foreign races within the huge Hall
cast their gazes over the faces of the
several human Geniuses who stood in
front of luu grew more and more ugly
when they heard these words and it was
clear that the situation was moving in
the most serious Direction
they didn't realize at all that their
good intentions had made things
worse this what to do about this with
guilt in their eyes they subconsciously
glanced at luu only hoping that he would
not complain or
blame however to the surprise of several
people a hint of delight flashed through
luu's gaze wait
elated hauh I think it's correct isn't
it luu slowly raised his head glanced at
the great ape not far away and then
looked not far away from this group of
foreign Geniuses the heart cannot help
but feel up really sleepy to send a
pillow a these foreigners are also too
thoughtful this is to know that their
own progress of the task is still a lot
of poor so hurry to rush up to send it
can't laugh definitely don't laugh out
loud otherwise it's not good to scare
these guys away after breaking through
from the first layer to the sixth layer
luu already had a rough idea of his
strength at this stage at least in the
top 20 if not top 10 or so the current
topmost Heavenly Prides had already
broken through to the seventh floor
those who stayed on the sixth level were
mostly in the hundreds to tens of
thousands to put it bluntly it's a bunch
of rookies only a slight L more powerful
rookie but at this point it doesn't seem
right not to respond luu thought for a
moment and spoke
disdainfully where did that monkey come
from it's really noisy get the hell out
of my way that ape had thought that
after he had spoken those words he would
scare this human Prince Master into
trembling who knows that he was not the
slightest bit
intimidated at the the moment it is even
open to
reprimand Kik was frozen is this little
guy do not know what this means seeing
that this monkey was
dumbfounded luu continued in a light
condescending and disdainful tone even
you deserve to snipe me do you guys
deserve to Target me I am the son of the
Marshall Saint what is your status what
is my status don't even think about it
why don't you get out of my way arrogant
and bossy it's all about
arrogance you ape kik's eyes widened
anger burning in his eyes and he
couldn't help but make a
move however this is a safe area and
once you do it it means you're out
that's too big a price to pay Kiki
forced back his anger sneered
and actually got out of the way anyway
his plan had succeeded and the many
foreign races within the Great Hall had
their eyes on this luu when he started
to break into the sixth floor he would
have his regrets L walked to a secluded
location and directly began to rest the
few human Geniuses beside them feeling
the gazes of countless foreign
Geniuses had their scalps tingling for a
while gritted their teeth and still
followed behind luu in any case luu had
taken a stand like this so could they
still back down the surrounding Geniuses
of the foreign races stared coldly at
luu's side constantly
Whispering the originally noisy Hall
gradually became extraordinarily quiet
it's like the Calm before the storm
luu however didn't take them to heart
and instead glanced at these few human
Geniuses what are your names luu asked
Yu you Guang Ferris buer child Yu Chi
the four men spoke up luu nodded
memorizing their names and casually said
rest well and when you break through the
sixth level later follow me and if I can
I will shelter you for a moment or two
the four people were stunned for a
moment when they heard this and they
couldn't help but open their mouths the
difficulty of the sixth layer can break
through are the Phoenix and lynchpin of
the
generation there is still room to
shelter others is even more a
handful at this moment luu even said
that he would shelter them this is
really too confident call him ignorant
he had at least broken into the sixth
floor he should have known the
difficulty of this reincarnation Tower
so why could he still say such things
could it be that luu really has the
strength to shelter them chapter 106 is
he crazy time passes by L U who was the
center of attention of many foreign
tribesman Pride was
unmoved he first rested for a while and
after that he even simply
cultivated time is too precious with his
current strength putting together a top
10 might be somewhat possible but the
first and
second however are almost
impossible haven't crossed paths yet
though that's a bit presumptuous to say
but the ones at the top of the rankings
had inscriptions on them that were much
more powerful than him both in terms of
quantity and
completeness luu is even more powerful
he has only mastered 13
inscriptions the Gap is still there he
really can't be blindly
arrogant these gaps of course could be
narrowed through constant
cultivation what luu alone lacked the
most right now was the time to cultivate
in the middle of the temple the many
foreign races watched luu actually
cultivate
and each of them was a little
surprised what's that supposed to mean
soon some of the F guess Lu U's
intentions was this an intention to stay
up until the end of the rest time and be
passively teleported to a dangerous area
that's one way to break the law still he
was thinking too simply at this moment
no Foreigner knew where luu's arrogant
and domineering backbone had come from
This Is The Reincarnation Tower even if
your old man is a marshall Saint he
still can't get in what's more your
human race is still the Public Enemy of
all Races the identity of the son of a
human Marshall Saint won't deter us at
all it will only make us more excited ah
possibly is it simply that this little
guy is used to being arrogant and bossy
is this moment already an out andout
Affair maybe it's already scaring and
regretting but whatever this prey in his
sights will never be allowed to escape
with the passage of time luu slowly
opened his eyes a strange light in his
pupils flickered and did not attract
anyone's attention that was the 14th
inscription an inscription engraved in
the pupil which enhanced Dynamic vision
and possessed extraordinary Insight
which could be crucial in the middle of
a battle with the increase of this
inscription luu's combat power once
again went up a notch the Mastery of
this inscription put luu in a good mood
sure enough the only way to grow quickly
is to keep fighting
previously luu had broken through from
the first layer to the sixth layer in a
single breath and although it was almost
a horizontal push all the way through it
was also a constant battle over when
Fong cultivated
he thoroughly digested these
epiphanies and with the accumulation of
previous
cultivation this led to the Mastery of
the new
inscription having mastered the new
inscription the next battle that would
be even better it's time to go luu said
to the few human Geniuses around him
it's okay to go the four human Geniuses
beside him were all stunned then nodded
when they stood up and left the hall a
pair of eyes were all staring at them
and then they even followed them all the
way without the slightest
concealment luu took a step out of the
safe area following him were hundreds of
other alien
Geniuses with the departure from the
safe area the Great Hall behind them
instantly disappeared The Prompt
appeared in front of luu's eyes once
again you have entered the Danger Zone
on the sixth floor of the reincarnation
Tower please choose any direction and
break through all the way to the end to
reach the seventh floor there are no
rule restrictions here you can attack
any Target at will seeing this tip luu
then turned back to take a look the
smile at the corner of his mouth Rising
willfully how come it's only this much
hearing this the few human Geniuses on
the side all froze for a moment what's
that supposed to mean what do you mean
only this much hundreds of foreign
Geniuses how many were there in the hall
just now at this moment there are so
many is that any less in the meantime
the ape God Clan kick glanced to his
left and right and asked with a cold
smile which one of you will make the
first move many of the surrounding
foreign races Heavenly Prides when they
heard this were un moved as if they
hadn't heard it hph seeing how cautious
these guys were kite couldn't help but
let out a cold snort and glanced at the
three tall Apes beside him let's go we
still have to hunt the prey with our
Four
Diamonds yes go a bunch of goons an ape
couldn't help but curse at this moment
luu had already drawn his long sword not
hiding the fury in his pupils at all as
if a devil child had descended into the
world making people's hearts palpitate
for a while this Sudden Change caused
the several human Geniuses next to him
to freeze for a moment what are you
going to do yuang gulped and
subconsciously asked these foreign races
are considered a nuisance if they join
forces so without giving them a chance
to join forces wek just kill them all in
a quick battle luu replied th hearing
these dry words several human Geniuses
were
dumbfounded still unable to comprehend
the meaning of luu's words kill them all
that's easy to say but how kill right at
this moment the ape God Clan's had
already rushed over he kept roaring as
he attacked his pair of dark red pupils
staring at luu to death facing these big
guys luu slowly raised the long sword in
his hand the sword was like an abyss the
sword intent surged wildly the sword Chi
was rampant and the fury flowed
unchecked this move was clearly extreme
demon
punishment when this move was first used
in the tower of Trials it wasn't perfect
and its power was lacking now this
move however had been perfectly mastered
without the slightest flaw
at this moment he swung his sword and
chopped out the sword light was like a
raging Storm instantly sweeping over the
running ape had a look of shock in
his eyes and hastily reached out to fend
it off however the sword light was
faster than he could fend it off and
directly penetrated his head poof poof
poof poof poof
not only the several AP God race
experts next to him were similarly no
better but in an instant they were
stabbed all over their bodies with holes
and eyes too dead to die in just an
instant these several Geniuses of the
ape God race who had come running had
already died at luu's feet
luu however was
expressionless as if this was all
as a matter of course he grasped the
Rapier in his hand and continued on his
way hauh what how can it be what kind of
move is this the crowd of Genius experts
who followed over at this moment saw the
scene their hearts boiling with shock
their faces that
wonderful no one had expected that Lu
you would kill all of the four Great
vdra of the AP God Clan with just a
single chop of his sword none were
spared what kind of terrifying strength
is this one must know that those who
were able to break through to the sixth
floor of The Reincarnation Tower were
without exception the top Geniuses of
the 10,000 races in the universe they
were all the pride of their
Clans however it was such top Geniuses
that were killed by luu sword that
killed four of them this is really too
much so strong this is too strong
this guy at least has the strength of
the top 50
rankings luckily it's a good thing we
didn't make a move or it wouldn't have
ended well just as these foreign
Geniuses were secretly
rejoicing they suddenly saw that luu was
walking towards them with a sword in his
hand and one by one their faces changed
and their scalps went numb not this guy
what does he want is he crazy chapter
107 Fierce and evil Invincible in the
world there were four to 500 foreign
Geniuses who had followed Leu closely
with unsuspecting
intentions and they had come in order to
hunt luu and when they saw luu display
this strength with their own eyes each
of them beat a retreat in their hearts
it's too strong
farewell can't be messed with but what
these t talented experts didn't expect
was this they weren't going to go after
luu
luu however watched towards them and
seemed to have no intention of letting
them go this caused them to be stunned
for a while completely not expecting
that
luu this little guy was crazy to this
extent that's right you Lu you are
indeed very strong but they're really
not afraid of you as long as they're
United
at that moment a foreign genius opened
his mouth and shouted wait what do you
want luu raised his head and glanced at
this
Foreigner this question was also too
stupid he didn't even want to answer it
isn't it obvious enough what he's trying
to do do we have to say it at that time
another Genius of the foreign race spoke
up we just came over to break through
the barrier
but we didn't make any moves to Target
you and it's fine that you killed the
four Great vdra of the ape God race why
should you press us every step of the
way hearing this Lu you couldn't help
but laugh out loud
haha step by step and you guys know
about step by step no you're just scared
to say such things because you know
you're going to die since you guys
followed me here aren't you ready to die
still telling such boring jokes how
ridiculous when the many Geniuses of the
foreign races heard this they were
instantly anxious a genius of the
foreign race spoke up no matter how
strong you are you're still just one
person if we were to join together could
you still be able to secure a victory
don't go too far let's each take a step
back almost these words had already been
considered a step they didn't want to
break the net with
luu after all when it came to a real
fight the outcome wasn't really
certain however luu actually didn't have
the slightest intention of retreating
within his eyes the battle intent was
like fire burning
uncontrollably he smiled slightly and
said
seriously you guys can try when these
words came out all the foreign Geniuses
almost choked this guy is really crazy
what a
Madman it is simply
unbelievable what good could it do him
to fight to The Bitter End human
communities the countless Spectators
couldn't help but stare at this scene
and one hissed in
excitement yes it was awesome that's the
way it has to be
kill kill out the might of my human race
it's
irrational but this is such a
relief these damned foreign races since
they dare to Target my human race be
prepared to Bear the price that's a
great way to put it they're just polite
and nice because they know they're going
to die and they're scared this won't
push them over the edge but cool and
done these days of live broadcasts from
the Tower of reincarnation
it was considered common for human
Geniuses to be targeted in the tower of
reincarnation after all the human race
was the Public Enemy of all Races and it
was more than normal for these foreign
races to make a little move in normal
times this is really something that
can't be helped but to be
tolerated at the
moment however it's offense and defense
that are changing shape if the foreign R
make things difficult for my human race
my human race can naturally make things
difficult for these foreign races as
well the major communities of the
universe many viewers saw this scene one
stared in dismay is this guy crazy how
dare he what a crazy guy we must join
forces and directly suppress him too
arrogant we must join forces to kill him
some of the strongest men members of the
Fay race on the other hand could see the
power of that sword that sword it seems
to be sword Emperor jaia whenin move
that's right it's that jaia when youan
po
exorcism that seems to be the move this
is a move that the first realm can use
and he used it quite perfectly an
ordinary one realm can never be used
perfectly to use this sword perfectly
one must Master at least 10
inscriptions yes the requirements for
the sword are very high 10 inscriptions
are just the basic
requirements you also need to have an
outof this world understanding of the
sword path to be able to do it this is
even harder with this sword
alone this little fellow can be almost
Invincible in a realm in the entire
reincarnation Tower there are only a
handful that can defeat him he's in the
ordinary first realm ah this natural
Talent this
Enlightenment it's just too Heaven
defying it's
horrible it seems that the second sword
Emperor I'm afraid is the nail in the
coffin will the human race produce a
sword Saint
exaggerated sixth level
Battlefield in the face of the threat of
fish death death from many foreign
Geniuses he was not afraid in the
slightest and raised the long sword in
his hand once again the sword momentum
quickly
coalesced the sword intent tumbled and
surged wildly and the fury was like a
mountain or a sea after that sword
killed the four Great VRA of the ape God
Clan just now luu's momentum of the
demon execution sword was just like a
higher level this group of foreign
Geniuses each of their eyes were filled
with shock and anger this madman he
actually really didn't put us in his
eyes he's belittling us join forces
together and kill him must join forces
kill the little thing each one of them
shouted this with their mouths but in
reality they were colorful and there
were already alien Geniuses who were
planning to get their feet wet the safe
Zone couldn't be returned to but they
could break through in other directions
there there were countless monsters on
the sixth level of the
battlefield and even Lou You couldn't
possibly continue to hunt them down in
luu's opinion they were
foreigners but what is important to
realize is that this foreign race is not
one race but comes from a completely
different race getting them to join
together is basically
impossible who rushes to the front to
sell their lives that one question alone
is enough to tear them apart
at this moment with a foreigner
intending to run away the formation
scattered then and there instantly
turning into a group of rabble if they
were truly United then luu really
couldn't do anything about it but luu
was just going to bet that these guys
wouldn't join
forces
obviously he BET right come kill me luu
laughed
indulgently and without the slightest
hesit ation he swung his sword and
chopped again the sword light turned
into a raging Storm instantly piercing
through a dozen or so alien
Geniuses one by one they desperately
resisted but they still couldn't resist
the rolling sword light when all the
Geniuses of the foreign races saw this
scene one by one their scalps went numb
and their bodies trembled this move was
even more terrifying than beheading the
four Great V ra of the AP God Clan it
was like a snowball rolling up the
Ferocious momentum getting fiercer and
fiercer suffocating people and making
them
despair right at this moment luu did not
hesitate in the slightest and once again
raised the long sword in his hand the
fury condensed quickly almost visible to
the naked eye his eyes were a little red
at this moment it was as if he had truly
Tru become a demon child this was the
special effect of the extreme demon
Punisher which could accumulate blood
devouring Chi when used
continuously utilizing the death of the
opponent to continuously enhance the
power of the sword that's exactly to
suppress evil with evil and to punish
the Devil With the Devil more evil than
evil more devilish than devil Fierce and
evil Invincible in the world
at this moment when these foreign
Geniuses saw luu lifting his sword again
each one of them died
obviously the last second was still
putting harsh words at this moment
directly into fish and birds
dispersed
Escape run chapter 108 sword beheading
the 10,000 races Heavenly Pride four or
500 foreign races joined together like a
dark cloud pressing down on the realm
really raging when the several human
Geniuses of YuYu Guang Fong saw that
scene their heart stopped beating with
so many foreign
Geniuses once they joined forces it was
feared that no single Heavenly pride in
the entire reincarnation Tower would be
able to match them as was the Tower of
Trials luu lifted his arm and waved his
hand leading 5 to 600 people God
blocking the god
Buddha blocking the Buddha no one can
stop them however no one could have
imagined that in just a twinkling of an
eye those four to 500
foreigners instantly scattered the birds
and fishes let alone joining forces
there wasn't even decent
resistance it's simply a rabble
obviously harsh words were put out but
one ran away faster than the other at
the moment
the thoughts of these foreign Geniuses
were simple they might not be as fast as
luu but as long as they ran faster than
the other
Geniuses as long as there are padded
backs then it won't be you who gets hurt
L you however had no intention of
letting them go and directly chased
after them to kill them a little doll
chasing after the Heavenly Pride of the
major Clans to kill them this image was
simply not too beautiful it's so
impactful not far behind when Yu yuan's
few human Geniuses saw this scene each
of them had their jaws dropped and
almost dropped their jaws in shock the
moment with this crazy footage relay out
the countless Spectators of the human
Community were that excited
smooth what a blast
originally there were still some
Spectators who were worried that it
would be quite bad if these foreign
races jumped over the wall and join
together who knew that these foreigners
were Arrogant with their mouths alone
but in
actuality they were all wimpier than one
another in the face of luu killing them
they were obviously huge in number but
they didn't even put up a decent
resistance it's
ridiculous in the
meantime among the major communities of
the
universe
silence quiet The Spectators of the
various races seeing this image all had
their brows furrowed and their
complexion was gloomy no one had
expected that in the face of luu's
coercion many of the foreign rac's
Celestial Pride had wimped out like this
shame on you it's so
humiliating but there was also some
understanding from the Fay audience the
various races which are already at odds
and hate each other so that they will
give up their
preconceptions trust each other and
unite together to fight against the
outside world what a joke it's not
simple at all it's not something you can
say in a few words and say go for it and
be successful at it so routing at this
moment is almost a predictable
scenario it was just that being chased
and killed by a little doll of the human
race was too
humiliating making it a bit unacceptable
for them after chasing and killing
nearly a 100 foreign tribesman Heavenly
Pride one after another luu stopped
there was no way to catch up these guys
were too far away and too spread out to
catch up for a while
moreover on this sixth floor there were
many monsters roaming around which made
it even more difficult to pursue them we
can only count them lucky and let them
off the hook for now luu thought like
this and carried his sword back to the
original place
on his body there were several
inscriptions that constantly bloomed
with a shimmering light inscriptions are
a good thing and can serve a variety of
purposes enhancing strength in all
directions the few inscriptions on his
body at the moment the effects were
probably restoring the power of chi and
blood increasing movement speed
enhancing control increasing the power
of his moves Etc
the increase of a single inscription is
limited so keep comprehending in
mastering more
inscriptions in addition a way has to be
found to tie the inscriptions together
once
successful the increase effect of the
inscription will undergo a
metamorphosis it's like going from a
single text to a line of text which
naturally means something completely
different 1+ 1 is greater than two only
the difficulty of this is
self-evident this is not a simple
permutation it's not just a matter of
taking those
inscriptions finding the right order and
putting them together rather it requires
a renewed Enlightenment and a blended
understanding this was slightly
difficult for luu at this stage he
suspected that there might be such an
existence among the top 10 ranked
powerhouses luu shook his head slightly
no longer thinking about it as he
glanced at the quest progress current
alien Prestige value 530 million points
sure enough the party had managed to
make the progress of the mission
increased by a lot with this killing he
had intentionally fished in the safe
Zone earlier for this very thing cool
when luu returned to his original
position the gazes of yuu guang's few
people looking at him could be described
as extremely
complicated there is
surprise
respect awe and Envy in these eyes these
few human Geniuses had completely never
expected that luu's natural Talent could
be terrifying to this extent this can no
longer be described Ace as simple demon
it's simply
anticlimactic L youu however ignored the
complicated feelings of these people as
he spoke trouble solved next I will
start to break through the sixth level
you guys follow me I don't know how much
I can shelter you you guys follow you
can't just think about relying on me you
have to work on yourselves luu is not a
saintly mother if it was only in passing
then it would be fine to shelter them a
little being of the same human race
but if it affected his own ability to
break through then of course he wouldn't
die trying to save face and he would
have to babysit these people as well
YuYu guang's few people naturally knew
this and quickly nodded their heads to
show that they
understood it was already a great favor
for luu to step in and shelter him a
little how dare you ask for too much the
sixth level was simple to breakr after
leaving the safe Area Head in any
direction and kill your way to the end
which would lead to the seventh level
this journey was not difficult for luu
the difficulty of the monsters was
indeed quite a bit more powerful than
the fifth floor but it's only a slight
hassle a little time will fix it 2 hours
later he managed to make it to the end
of the sixth floor and behind luu the
four people from before were now left
with only one yuu Guang he was the
strongest one among those four
relying on his own strength as well as
luu's occasional shelter to successfully
break into this
place however at the moment he was in a
bad state with one arm broken in wounds
all over his body even in such a sorry
State there was an undisguised look of
Joy on his face the cost is indeed great
but as long as one broke through the
sixth layer and arrived at the seventh
layer it would all be worth it if luu
was the first of the human race to break
through to the seventh floor then he was
the second it's a great feeling to have
this hug Liu glanced back at YuYu Guang
and signaled him to follow then his feet
lightly stepped on the ground and
directly left the sixth floor Yu yuguang
nodded excitedly and hurriedly followed
as a result something that made him
dumbfounded happened he was unable to
travel to the seventh floor even though
he had clearly broken in here hit the
wall the seventh level was denying him
access this YuYu guang's eyes widened as
he watched above luu's figure had
completely
disappeared no
dash why caused by my lack of strength
damn it I've obviously broken in here
YuYu Guang could be described as anxious
and angry but there was nothing he could
do but accept this reality
helplessly as luu left the sixth floor
the one realm reincarnation Tower leader
boards were once again refreshed luu's
name had clearly appeared at the top of
the reincarnation Tower rankings chapter
109 Rush urgent urgent to luu's surprise
there were no gatekeeper monsters on the
seventh floor straight away he came to a
large Hall this is a secure area
the place was very large but there were
only a handful of foreign Pride resting
this was normal after all the ones
arriving at the seventh floor right now
weren't that many in the first place at
the same time a light curtain appeared
in front of his eyes and lines of text
were slowly displayed name
luu race human current floor seven
floors current rank ing
295 current area safe area duration of
stay 6 days 23 hours and 59 minutes
remaining number of break-ins Six 300
names already luu nodded the moment
luu's appearance also attracted the
attention of several foreign
races however they just took a glance at
luu and withdrew their gazes not in the
mood to meddle up to this level of
foreign races one by one they are all
very proud of themselves all of them
have absolute confidence in their own
strength and they will rarely use
underhanded means to Target their
competitors that's normal those who were
able to break through to the seventh
floor were without exception true super
Geniuses the 10,000 races of the
universe
countless Heavenly Pride demons yet less
than 300 arrived this way you can
imagine how exaggerated the difficulty
really is thinking this way luu glanced
back but unexpectedly realized that YuYu
Guang did not appear here whom why
didn't you follow this opportunity was a
rare one for Yu yugang once he entered
the seventh floor he would be able to
kill his way into the top 300 of The
Reincarnation Tower
not to say that it's famous in the
universe but it's a big deal there was
absolutely no way Yu yugang would give
up such a good
opportunity there is only one reason for
not coming at this moment and that is
not to come thinking of this Lou you
cannot help but think it seems that the
plan to train on behalf of to help
people pass is not feasible this
reincarnation Tower obviously thought of
everything did not leave this bug out a
luu shook his head then began to look
around the entire Hall similar to the
rest Hall on the sixth floor but with
some
differences like more statues or rather
Idols a statue of a God was positioned
to the left and right of the main hall
the face of the idol had become blurred
and it was impossible to see the
original appearance but the Majesty was
still there making people unconscious ly
feel a sense of awe in their hearts
these many Idols arching over a huge
Square slab of stone the stone slab was
100 ft tall with tiny f-sized characters
engraved on it luu was shocked by the
huge stone slab after Just One Look he
realized why the stable time for the
seventh level was seven whole days
normally 24 hours is more than enough
time to rest and any more is
unnecessary but this seventh level of
safety is obviously not just for resting
beyond that luu from the first layer of
The Reincarnation Tower in one breath
broke through to the sixth layer and
this level broke through even if he
pushed across and crushed again he did
not get a tiny bit of reward he also
thought for a while that it was because
this reincarnation Tower was too Petty
and that was why it didn't give rewards
I didn't realize that the rewards
weren't absent they just weren't given
up front until the seventh floor luu
carefully looked at this huge stone slab
the tiny words on it there were more
than a billion of them it was actually
an inscription Lu was already quite
proud of himself after mastering only 14
inscriptions so far at this moment
seeing the billions of inscriptions on
this stone plate the shock in his heart
was truly impossible to describe in
words no wonder
no wonder those foreigners are unwilling
to look at themselves more than once it
turns out that they are all attending to
this Stone tablet luu pressed down his
excitement and hurriedly sat down on the
ground and began his Enlightenment
cultivation because he was in a safe
area The tiue Immortal cells that were
originally dormant within luu's body
were slowly operating at this moment
after just 3 hours luu had mastered an
inscription this speed
it was more than a bit faster than
before luu's eyes lit up and at the same
time he couldn't help but think that
those Heavens Pride demons who had come
here earlier than himself I'm afraid
that their rate of progress would only
be higher and not lower
originally his prediction of his
strength was that he could at the very
least break into the top 20 or even the
top 10 but now it seemed that the top 50
would be difficult but
he still had a lot of time to continue
to Enlighten himself and continue to get
stronger as each day passes the number
of celestial Pride that came to the
seventh floor also increased to them
there wasn't really much that could be
referenced on the stone
tablets after all they were all
destroying their foundations and
recultivated one by one their Dharma
bodies had already
coales the inscriptions had already been
fixed
and wanting to become stronger was not
something that could be done
overnight
therefore these Heavenly Prides after
simply resting and practicing for a
while didn't stay in the safe area and
directly went to break into the seventh
floor this also led to luu's ranking
constantly slipping from the beginning
of the 295th place gradually came to the
500th place to the end of the even fell
to the 1,000th place outside when luu
opened his eyes again his ranking
already is one
124 because of the secure area on the
seventh floor it is not possible to
broadcast live The Spectators of all the
human races had no idea what luu was
doing and why he had stalled for so long
these viewers
originally were expecting that Lou you
would continue to soar after all he had
brought a few dragons with him and they
had all killed their way into the
seventh floor this kind of strength is
truly
terrifying as long as he continues to
break forward it can definitely break
into the top 100 top 50 or even top 10
killing into the forfront of the 10,000
clans of Heaven's Pride let the whole
universe be shaken
nah he didn't know what he was doing and
suddenly stalled for a moment many of
the human Spectators were a bit
disappointed why did luu stop how many
days has it been it seems like it's been
five or 6 days yeah the rankings have
slipped from 300 to just outside one
0000 0 what the hell is this in the
thick of it it's clear that you can rush
to the top 100 50 or even the top 20 or
10 in one go could it be that it was
injured on the sixth floor alas though
it's a bit of a stretch to put hope and
pressure on a three-year old but the
problem was luu's many performances had
left no doubt that he was the number one
of the human race and his power had
conquered almost all of the
spectators people no longer see him as a
child
but as a hero of the human race
obviously this hero who could break into
the top rankings of The Reincarnation
Tower had stopped how could this not
make people anxious and angry if Lou
wasn't the Marshall Saints only son I'm
afraid that many people couldn't help
but curse out urgent urgent
urgent Untold numbers of humans
desperate to know what was going on why
did luu stop here watching the other
foreign races surpassing him one by one
and not doing anything about it in the
meantime the 10,000 races of the
universe knowing this one piece of news
were so happy they could finally have a
good laugh at this human kid chapter 110
going out of the gate progressing at a
rapid Pace the other day luu's amazing
performance and many crazy behaviors
were tantamount to writing on the heads
of the Geniuses of the 10,000 races and
 on them the favorites can't do
anything about him that's called a gas
now it's time to get what's coming to
you though these same F didn't know what
was going on but that didn't stop them
from maliciously speculating and
attacking luu with it in human terms
this is called a jungle a little guy who
can break through to the seventh floor
is already impressive enough and on The
Human Side he's still counting on him
laugh me to death what a dreamer is
there no consequence for the reason why
the previous performance was so awesome
right mostly using some kind of secret
method nine times out of 10 it's like
this
otherwise why didn't he go to break-in
for a long time haha being backfired by
by the secret method The Human Side is
still expecting him poor kid using that
secret method at all costs now you've
tasted the bitter fruit I'm afraid the
Assassin is in a dilemma latest news
haven't left the safe area of the
seventh floor yet still resting here to
hold on strongly
ridiculous just
ridiculous
expectations pressure
questions verbal abuse for a moment all
sorts of voices were added to luu's body
instead he ignored it and continued his
own
cultivation
actually L you also knew that there
would definitely be quite a lot of
voices from the outside world as he was
hearing closed door cultivation at the
moment after all his many previous
performances were too amazing and the
human Community mostly saw him as a hope
but he suddenly
disappeared so it would be strange if he
didn't die of
anxiety but Lu you would not change his
plans because of the anxiety of others
if one were to force their way through
the gate for the sake of a short-term
ranking and instead lose the opportunity
to
cultivate it would clearly be more than
worth it unlike the other foreign
Geniuses what he lacked the most was the
time to cultivate
therefore even if the Sound Outside was
loud luu remained
unmoved he couldn't hear it anyway
cultivation keep practicing Hong Xiao
Jun finally broke through the sixth
floor and arrived at the seventh floor
he quickly looked around and
subconsciously breathed a sigh of relief
as he realized that there were no
monsters blocking the passage soon he
spotted luu's figure in a corner if you
don't look hard enough you can't really
find it these days there was simply not
too much news about luu even Hong Xiao
Jun was curious as to what had happened
to make luu stagnate at the seventh
floor Hong Xiao Jun rushed over after
spotting luu noticing Hong xuan's
approach luu slowly opened his eyes and
glanced at him what kind of eyes are
those it was like looking straight into
an abyss causing one's heart to throb
and inexp explicably tense up Hong Xiao
Jun breathed a sigh of relief
footsteps feeling a little
incredible he's actually
scared
obviously as these days passed Lou you
became stronger so it's practicing here
that's a lot of patience Hong Xiao Jun
sighed in admiration in his heart then
spoke these days that you've been
cultivating here there's a big commotion
outside you know I can probably guess
some of it Lu you nodded how many places
can you probably break into now Hong xia
Jun asked with some
curiosity at least the top 10 luu said
slowly these days of
cultivation luu had already mastered 42
inscriptions his strength once again
became much
stronger the only pity was that he had
no way to string the inscriptions
together
otherwise not to mention the top 10 even
the first there is a sure way to fight
for it then when do you plan to break in
Hong Xiao Jun couldn't help but ask wait
for another day luu glanced at the time
there were still 24 hours left before he
left the safe Zone despite the fact that
he had already had enough Improvement
these last 24 hours were still not to be
missed and he had to continue practicing
in order to do so okay Hong Xiao Jun
nodded anyway so many days had come and
gone it wasn't bad for a while has any
foreign rac's Heavenly Pride broken
through to the eighth floor now luu
asked with some
curiosity before luu's seclusion no one
had been able to break through to the
eighth floor I don't know if any
Heavenly Pride can break through to the
eighth floor after these days have
passed as far as I know not yet Hong xao
Jun shook his head so difficult luu was
a bit
surprised it's very difficult all the
previous reincarnation Towers those who
could break into the eighth floor were
originally just a handful and it's only
normal that no one can break into the
eighth floor for the time being now Hong
XA Jun
explained okay luu nodded in fact he
probably understands all of this I just
didn't expect that no one had broken
into the eighth floor in such a long
time then wouldn't the ninth floor be
even more hopeless Lu you had wanted to
check out the scenery of the ninth floor
who would have thought it's surprisingly
difficult to be like this speaking of
which back then his old man broke
through to the ninth floor of the nine
Realms reincarnation Tower before being
thwarted this kind of natural Talent
when it is really outrageous to the
extreme more Fierce than if he was hung
up originally mastering 42
inscriptions Lu you was already quite
confident but now that I look at it it's
still a lot worse than my own old man he
wasn't even sure of anything when he
broke through to the eighth floor now
let alone the ninth floor Lu you let out
a deep breath caveat emper keep
practicing seeing Lu you continue to
cultivate Hong Xiao Jun did not disturb
him anymore he turned his head to look
at the huge stone slab and was also
stunned instantly understanding the
reason why luu had progressed so quickly
it was only that this one inscription
was placed here and it was not an easy
thing to
comprehend Hong Xiao Jun also sat down
on his knees and began to rest and
cultivate time passes by these last 24
hours passed quickly luu had mastered
three more
inscriptions that makes 45
inscriptions it's just a shame luu tried
to string the inscriptions together
again and still failed this is much
harder than simply mastering
inscriptions sure even so these seven
days of cultivation still resulted in
terrifying progress mastering 45
inscriptions I wonder where I can break
in now how many places can I kill luu
raised his head and glanced at the huge
stone monument with some
reluctance
normally an ordinary Dharma body was
inscribed with 36
inscriptions and a more powerful Dharma
body was only inscribed with 81
inscriptions the top Geniuses only
inscribed 199
inscriptions
theoretically the upper limit of
inscriptions was here and at this stage
it would be difficult to continue
comprehending them but the inscriptions
on this Stone tablet were in the
hundreds of billions the disparity in
numbers is truly shocking
baffling just what kind of existence had
sealed so many
inscriptions even the 10th realm can't
do it right the secret behind this
Wheeling Tower is fascinating luu shook
his head no longer thinking about it and
turned around to leave the safe area on
the seventh floor after practicing for
so long his ranking had dropped from 295
in the beginning to one 21 now it's time
to make a good run at the roster set a
small goal make it into the top 10
chapter 111 killing the top 10 still
sprinting blue star Central Plaza
millions of people have gathered here in
the center of the square there were four
huge screens that were broadcasting the
Battle of The Reincarnation Tower One By
One The Wonderful images were
continuously edited and played out
watching the crowds blood boil unable to
resist raising their arms as if the
human side was singing loudly and when I
look at the overall ranking
mom yeah the human race the highest
ranked so far didn't even make it into
the top one 0000 0 these many wonderful
images are nothing more than
self-deception what's the point of
getting all this stuff when you're not
even in the top one 0000 0 but there's
no way
can't get in is can't get in if you
can't entertain yourself wouldn't that
be a bit of
participation just then suddenly an
audience member noticed something above
the total ranking luu's ranking Advanced
one place what does this mean it
couldn't be more direct luu is starting
to break in soon more and more viewers
realized this and one by one they got
excited just now it was one 2011th and
now it's one
199th the flame of Hope in the crowd was
rekindled in the
meantime the official in charge of
broadcasting in dashia also found this
out without the slightest
hesitation it directly abandoned the
originally arranged editing footage and
began to broadcast luu's battle on the
screen luu was holding a long sword his
body blooming with shimmering light and
he directly began to push
horizontally many strong people's pupils
contracted slightly when they saw this
scene one by one they were all shocked
unlike the spectators who couldn't
understand anything they knew exactly
what it meant a shimmering light bloomed
all over his body which meant that there
were at least 30
no even 40 inscriptions to have this
effect an ordinary Dharma body could be
condensed with only 36
inscriptions and at this moment luu
already had the embryonic form of a
Dharma body a realm to gather the
embryonic form of a Dharma body are you
kidding me however such a crazy thing to
happen it turned out that luu had been
in seclusion for so many days for this
many powerful people came to a sudden
realization have to say this Retreat is
too good to be true it's only been a few
days and you've made this kind of
progress as luu kept swinging his sword
to kill the monsters he kept charging
forward he's also moving further and
further up the list in just the blink of
an eye it broke through a thousand boom
but with one sword a huge monster
collapsed luu didn't stop for a second
and continued to charge forward
900 once again the sword was swung out
the monster was ambushed the sword of
demon
extermination he used it more freely
this is not luu's limit far from it
800 standing in front of luu was a huge
Stone statue of a god General and in
front of him
there was a Pious believer kneeling yet
it was still just a sword that killed
the stone statue of a god General
700 Group after group of monsters
pounced over this number was quite
astonishing but luu was not afraid in
the
slightest constantly swimming Upstream
against the current and slaughtering
like crazy
600
500
400 as luu's ranking continued to soar
it finally caught the attention of the
10,000 races in the universe one by one
they realized that luu had once again
begun to push
across at first many malicious
speculations but none of them were
fulfilled it's just half an hour luu's
ranking had soared from one 211th Place
to the current 300th place however this
time luu did not stop at 300th Place
countless foreign races looking at the
crazy changes in that ranking each and
every one of them were a little panicked
that's too much
momentum this human little guy to go
against the grain this is a foreign race
Emperor with a lizard's head pointed at
luu's Battle image and couldn't help but
say his strength is even more powerful
than before covered in shimmering light
this has mastered at least 40
inscriptions before this he definitely
hadn't mastered this many
inscriptions at most only about 10 that
means that during the seven days he was
in seclusion on the seventh floor he
mastered nearly 30 inscriptions in one
bite that inscription tablet on the
seventh floor is it that effective the
moment these words came out the several
powerhouses beside them fell silent and
then they shook their heads no way
there's no way that monolith is that
effective if that stone tablet is that
effective that disciple of mine wouldn't
be unable to even break through to the
eighth floor then this the lizard headed
Emperor couldn't help but let out a sigh
and said
helplessly it can only mean that the
talent of this Marshall Saints only son
is simply too strong my lizard Dragon
Clans genius Nan shei I'm afraid he
won't be able to keep his top 10
position these days the lizard Dragon
Clans genius Nan shei had dropped in
rank from 9th to 10th and at this moment
with L U's appearance I'm afraid I won't
even be able to keep tenth luu's
momentum was too Fierce mastering so
many
inscriptions he could definitely charge
into the top 10 as luu kept punching the
entire human race was a buzz after so
many days of Silence the hearts of many
people who were looking forward to that
moment almost sank to the bottom and one
could be described as incomparably
anxious at the moment it can be
described as a bipolar
reversal how lost I was before how
uplifted I am now luu was still killing
and sprinting
300 but it was broken in a Flash soon
luu killed his way to 200th place he
didn't seem the least bit tired and was
still charging forward this unrivaled
momentum made the hearts of all the
ethnic Spectators tremble as they
watched and each one of them couldn't be
more excited kill kill kill
luu L youu Lu you uncountable people
were calling out luu's name under the
anticipation of millions of people under
the attention of countless pairs of eyes
luu managed to kill his way to the top
100 boiling the entire human race was
completely a buzz what was even more
maddening was that luu didn't stop at
all and continued to Sprint forward just
the blink of an eye then he rushed to
the 50th place then came 30 20 names
10th place getting here it was only then
that luu showed a hint of fatigue and
couldn't help but gassed softly rushing
here in one breath can have its pros and
cons the upside was that it could
maintain that Invincible sword momentum
like rolling up a snowball that got
bigger and bigger the bad thing is that
the consumption of CH and blood power is
extraordinarily
terrifying if not for his new Mastery of
various inscript Des criptions luu is
afraid that he has already exhausted his
strength at this moment he could no
longer Sprint forward but this time
differences luu raised his long sword
and looked at the countless monsters
pouncing in front of him he couldn't
help but laugh out loud and continue to
charge forward kill as one monster fell
his roster is still charging forward
ninth eighth
seventh to this point Lu you was already
able to see the boundary of this seventh
layer that was the entrance to the
eighth layer but alas mountains of
spider monsters stood in his way the
inscriptions on luu's body Blossom to
the extreme at this moment he no longer
had the slightest
reservation and his strength was
utilized to the extreme luu decided to
use the third sword that his master xia
when Yan had taught him in the past he
didn't have the ability to use the sword
the
moment finally you can give it a try
chapter 112 extreme sword prison most of
the sword Arts taught by the master have
no names jaia W yuan's explanation was a
sword is a sword and a sword move is a
sword move so why does it need a name
only later did luk you give the names of
those swords after being pressed by him
however it was not taken by XEL when you
won but rather it was a heck of a lot of
killing along the way pull which stands
for extreme the first sword was the
Lumen sword light the second sword is
the demon Punisher the third sword is
sword prison luu raised his long sword
and the sword was no longer BL
bloodthirsty but turned into a dazzling
white light in his was surrounded by
dense wave like spider
monsters the size of a spider monster
was about 1 or 2 m and its strength was
probably at the peak of the first rank
carrying it out individually was nothing
at all but at this moment their numbers
were too
terrifying just looking at it made one
scalp tingle and sweat stand on end
what's more luu is in his own shoes at
the moment looking at the spider
monsters that surged over he didn't
hesitate for a second and directly swung
his sword down the sword light was
biting cold and as the sword swung down
the surrounding space seemed to be
shredded giving people a strange sense
of aliasing this was not an illusion but
rather a result of the power of the
sword poof poof poof
poof poof the spider
monsters which looked like waves coming
in were shredded as much as they could
and the blue green tissue liquid
splashed around and in just an instant
thousands of spider monsters were
Twisted into pieces even though the
power of this sword was so
terrifying it was still a drop in the
bucket the number of spider monsters was
just too much and only after killing a
wave the next wave immediately and
seamlessly came over and the overall
number after all didn't decrease much in
the slightest Lu you knew that this
wouldn't work not to mention him even if
a true Dharma body Powerhouse came over
there would be no way to kill all of
this spider tial wave he had to find a
way to break through and reach the
eighth floor again Lu SW his sword again
and a bloody path was instantly killed
it was as if the sea had been split in
two and a road had temporarily appeared
without the slightest
hesitation luu hurriedly drilled in next
moment the sea merges into one luu was
directly
submerged kill kill kill kill kill luu
killed all the way out and and when he
came out again he had already turned
into a bloody man with wounds all over
his body it was the first time he had
been in such a sorry State since
breaking into the reincarnation Tower he
glanced at the entrance to the eighth
floor it was already close but he was
exhausted the chi was even more depleted
just one step pity next moment the
spider monster which was like a sea
engulfed him once again
failed what a shame blue star Central
Plaza millions of Spectators saw this
scene and each and every one of them was
a bit reluctant all feeling sorry for
luu's defeat although luu being able to
break through all the way to the end of
the seventh floor had already made
everyone feel incredible but if one
could break through to the eighth floor
that would naturally be better at that
time the first place in this realm's
reincarnation Tower was simply too
stable to be true
unfortunately just one more step yeah
just one last point away from reaching
the eighth floor once we reach the
eighth floor is this first place still
not within reach however the final level
of this seventh floor is just too
difficult yeah spider monsters that look
like ocean waves just looking at them
makes my scalp feel numb I didn't expect
luu to be able to kill it it's already
amazing he's the pride of our human race
by the way what place did it come in the
rankings have been updated and are
outside The Reincarnation Tower the top
Geniuses from all over the universe were
dumbfounded as they looked at the
constantly updated
leaderboards what what happened human
luu's ranking suddenly began to soar and
as if there were no
bottlenecks it
skyrocketed directly from outside of
1,000 he rushed to a few hundred and
then kept rushing forward coming to 100
in the blink of an
eye 100th place this was already already
a sufficiently forward ranking but this
still couldn't stop luu's momentum it
didn't take long to kill the top 50 then
it even came to the top 30 even here it
still hasn't stagnated and is still
Rising all the major foreign races
Celestial Pride one by one
subconsciously held their breaths and
stared earnestly at luu's ranking
changes all the Geniuses wanted to see
just how far luu could break in the face
of rock God Clan's Rock Central fire was
very
complicated he couldn't help but CL his
fists he finally started to power up I
knew it he won't remain silent a pair of
beautiful eyes of the elf tribes amesa
staring dead on at the broadcast
streaming out from The Human Side
couldn't help but cheer for luu little
brother sheer up rushed to the first
place just a moment later luu killed his
way into the top 10 Nan shei The Genius
of the lizard Dragon Clan
had an extraordinarily ugly face because
just now luu had killed his way into the
top 10 squeezing him out of the
rankings this guy I can't
believe I was pushed out of the top
10 however soon after when nansi saw
that luu had squeezed the others down as
well he couldn't help but wave his fist
good keep charging better rush to First
and squeeze them off to two in a short
while luu rushed to sixth then fifth
fourth third with the last swing of his
sword luu was once again engulfed by the
wave of spider
monsters declaring that he had failed to
break through the barrier the rankings
were finally set the Wheeling Tower
ranked second after waiting for a long
time luu's ranking didn't even change
again at this moment moment the many
Geniuses of the 10,000 races of the
universe all breathed a sigh of relief
when they saw this scene luu Sprint was
insane many foreign Geniuses thought for
a moment that luu was afraid that he
would take first place it's okay it's
okay of course the second was already
very terrifying because he was not a
person of the heavy cultivation realm
but was truly of the first realm even if
it's not number one
it's still the uncrowned king the
moment the Holy Spirit Clans Saint son
Lou ouu looked at his ranking being
pushed out of the top three his face
could be described as exceptionally ugly
damnable human while the Divine son of
the star God race Castro was brightening
up and couldn't help but say is he the
son of a human Marshall Saint that's
really power ful seeing this scene the
sea god Clan simsic couldn't help but
say what a powerful human
genius I really want to fight this guy I
wonder if I'll have this chance next if
he doesn't settle for second place he
should break into The Reincarnation
Tower one more time when the time comes
there might even be a chance to cross
paths of course I have to find out when
he's going to break into the
reincarnation Tower before I can in a
spaceship luu slowly opened his eyes
it's a shame ended up failing this move
sword prison I'm still not using it well
enough Lu you frowned reflecting on his
question despite having mastered 45
inscriptions and being able to use the
extreme sword prison it was still a bit
too much of a stretch if one could
completely Master the extreme sword
prison breaking through to the eighth
floor could be considered a
handful without the slightest bit of
pressure at all chapter 113 mission
accomplished obtaining the taiu
diffracting Dharma pel jauan looked at
luu who had just woken up and spoken
differently it's too normal that you
can't use the sword prison in its
entirety it wasn't supposed to be
something that you could use at this
realm but I've already mastered 45
inscriptions luu naturally knew that it
was difficult for him to use the sword
prison at this realm but he had already
mastered so many
inscriptions so he might not be able to
give it a try it was still very
confident but in the end it only
resulted in a sword prison
prototype sure even if it was just a
fledgling it strangled countless spider
monsters and hardened a bloody path
it was just a little bit short of
reaching the eighth floor if the degree
of completion had been higher even if it
hadn't been completely finished it would
have been possible to break through of
course I know jaia wanan nodded
non-committed and continued but this
move the sword prison is already
considered a prototype of the domain and
it's extremely difficult not something
that can be accomplished by mastering
dozens of
inscriptions luu was stunned when he
heard this what is the sword prison
considered a domain
fledgling no wonder when he used the
sword even if the 45 inscriptions were
run to the extreme he was unable to
complete the move turns out the
difficulty is so horrible
Fields this is the level above the
Dharma body in the Dharma phase luu
couldn't even reach the Dharma phase
right now
let alone the realm only if it's so
difficult why does sefue still teach
this move it made him think that it was
originally something he could use in his
realm thinking like this luu glanced at
his master somewhat
breathlessly now that you've taken a
second do you still want to continue to
break in Xiao one
youan however ignored luu's sultry look
and continue to ask second when luu
heard this he took a look at the
rankings and he was at the end of the
line but he had actually rushed straight
to second place that's unexpected and
makes sense as far as hard power is
concerned you can probably kill your way
into the top five and this second it's
considered a good result jaia wanan said
indifferently if you're going to
continue to barge in once you fall down
before where you fall down the rankings
will fall down so are you going to keep
breaking in when luu heard this he
thought for a moment and said of course
I'll break in but I'm going to close
down and cultivate for a while first
second although it's already a pretty
good score but luu was still not willing
to do so second is no better than first
since he had come to break into The
Reincarnation Tower he had to take the
first place just like his old man
anyways but let him break in right away
and he'll be hardpressed to pick up a
better grade it would be best to close
the door and cultivate first organize
the previous Gams and become a bit
stronger in addition to that there was
another very important reason and that
was the main quest was
complete yes
with luu having killed his way to the
second of The Reincarnation Tower this
Mainline quest which was incredibly
difficult was finally complete on the
system panel a line of text slowly
surfaced in front of luu's eyes mission
accomplished the quest reward taiu
diffracting Dharma pill has been issued
with the treasure in hand luou was in no
hurry to check it out as he looked up
and asked right
Master where is Xiao Jing when he saw
how well you performed he decided to
break into The Reincarnation Tower one
more time and this time he had to break
into the fifth floor
anyways Xiao wuan explained so it was my
performance that irritated him luu
nodded his head and immediately began
closed door
cultivation the quiet room of the
Airship luu looked at the newly acquired
treasure it was a round purple golden
pill somewhat similar to the Dragon
Tiger golden pill but the lines on it
were obviously more subtle and at a
glance he knew that it was not a mortal
object tiu diffusion pill rank ninth
quality Immortal type
consumable effect after taking this
Elixir one can increase one's
understanding of of the great da and
automatically deduce the appropriate da
and Dharma description tiu's
formlessness the essence of chi its
Gathering and dispersing the guest form
of changer an immortal Elixir that can
be taken even by those of lower Realms
each time one realizes the way One
automatically consumes some of the
medicinal power until the power is
completely depleted luu looked at the
description of the Elixir and couldn't
help but let his eye light up ninth
order Immortal Goods
moreover the first realm surprisingly
worked his realm was simply too low many
rewards even if
obtained for a while there is no way to
use them if this tiue defc of Dharma
pill could not be used at lower Realms
then there was nothing he could do
fortunately this Immortal elixir
which was truly
extraordinary directly took care of
those in the lower Realms each time you
become enlightened you automatically
consume some until the potency is
completely exhausted it won't be
completely depleted all at once if the
full effect was exerted at once it would
not have propped up Lu you to death I'm
afraid that this ninth orter mortal pill
would have to waste the vast majority of
its effects even if a realm was able to
use it
luu couldn't afford to use it without
hesitation luu took out this pill and
directly ate it in one gulp after the
Elixir was swallowed it instantly
transformed into a warm current that
disappeared in the twinkling of an eye
and then quickly coalesced in a certain
place that was the Danton in the body
the Dragon Tiger golden pill is here at
the moment there was another Elixir tiu
defraction Dan a orally the Dragon Tiger
golden Dan occupying the center position
of the
Danton at this moment with the
appearance of the taiu defra of
dadan the Dragon Tiger golden Dan even
automatically gave up its position as if
to say big brother you are here please
this position is reserved for you the
taiu defra of dharmadam was also
nonchalant occupying the position right
in the middle of the
Danton as luu closed his eyes and
concentrated the taiu defc of Dharma
pill slowly rotated in this instant Dao
and Dharma incomparably
straightforward appeared in luu's mind
unlike the da and Dharma displayed by
others it was someone else's an answer
that belonged to them and even if they
watched it they would only be able to
get the shape of of it not the meaning
at the moment these D in
laws however were very suitable for luu
and were specially deduced for him and
the effects could be completely
different luu just briefly felt it and
couldn't help but Marvel in his heart
sure enough the effects of this tiue
defra of Dharma pill were truly too
powerful it was truly worthy of being a
ninth order Immortal product
compared to that the effect of the tiue
immortal cells was significantly worse
and of course it can't be compared like
that the tiue immortal cell is to
increase the wearer's understanding of
the tow to a certain extent the tiue
defraction Dan on the other hand was
directly deduced so it was naturally
simpler and rougher
moreover the medicinal power of the tiue
diffractive Dharma pill no matter how
much it was was limited and when it was
used up it was gone but the tiue
immortal cell was different this thing
could be worn all the time and used
indefinitely both each with its own
advantages and
disadvantages are Supreme Treasures if
Lu you was allowed to choose then he
really didn't know which one to choose
the good thing thing is he has both no
need to choose at all haha luu thought
like this and then shook his head
throwing the distracting thoughts out of
his mind and began to focus on his
cultivation
Retreat
closure wait for him to come out of the
gate and then call the 10,000 racist
Celestial Pride to boil over the first
place Throne of the one realm
reincarnation Tower was definitely
within reach Lu you thought well
as a result when he ended his seclusion
and opened his eyes again he was
directly dumbfounded what what is this
situation chapter 114 acquiring the
Supreme treasure just one battle with
you luu was completely immersed in the
da and Dharma which could be described
as
uncontrollable and gradually he forgot
about the flow of time during this
period of
seclusion his progress was to say the
least
miraculous the
inscriptions having mastered
108 had more than doubled compared to
the previous
45 you know the thing about
inscriptions the first one to 50 are
fine the further you go the harder it is
to
comprehend the difficulty especially
skyrockets from 100 onwards but even so
luu had still mastered 108
inscriptions and this rate of progress
could be considered
terrifying if those golden body martial
artists saw this I'm afraid that they
would directly blacken their eyes they
would pass out on the spot on top of
that he took a portion of the
inscription and strung it together it
wasn't all of them just 13 of the
inscriptions but even so the effect was
still good
nowadays luu's overall strength could be
said to have once again gone up to a
whole new level go and break into The
Reincarnation Tower of the first realm
again not to mention the eighth floor
even the ninth floor the moment The
Retreat ended Lu you was thinking this
way but when he saw the words on the
light screen in front of him he was a
little taught what the hell the first
realm reincarnation Tower has
automatically closed Challenger luu you
have taken the second best overall
ranking
congratulations Challenger luu you have
obtained the greatest treasure white
Jade Wind and Fire wheel Lou you no dude
I was planning on continuing to break
into the one realm reincarnation Tower
but it turns out you've already finished
the eyes closed and opened the retreat
was over and so was the one realm
reincarnation Tower this is also too
fast louu was speechless for a while his
mood could be described as very
complicated however when you think about
it it seems to make perfect sense this
time in
seclusion his Harvest was simply too
great not only had the number of
inscriptions he had mastered skyrocketed
to
108 but he had also managed to string 13
inscriptions together how could such
progress be made in just a few days luu
Hasty glanced at the time only to
realize that almost a month had passed
since he had closed his mind this time
let alone the end of the first realm
reincarnation Tower even the second
realm reincarnation Tower although it
makes sense it's still a bit of a shame
Lu you couldn't help but sigh he had
wanted to take first place in The
Reincarnation Tower but he didn't expect
this to be the end it's called regret
always runs through life this is life
nope it's not that there's no chance
although the first realm reincarnation
Tower was over there was still the
second realm reincarnation Tower
thinking of this luu hurriedly glanced
at the treasures he had just acquired
the most precious treasure white Jade
Wind and Fire wheel level first order
can grow quality excellent type flying
fabric effect when used after stepping
on it it can greatly increase the user
speed this treasure will grow with the
user level up to the ninth rank
description the most precious white Jade
wind in fire wheel modeled after a
mythological Divine weapon with a
strange style and superb effect
belonging to a rare treasure luu looked
at the detailed description of this
reward and was in a better mood the
stuff was
imitation but it was still very good as
it could at least be used up to the
ninth realm his current means of attack
was not lacking at all the way of the
sword in martial arts which was pulling
attacks to the extreme and the defense
and movement aspects were slightly
lacking this white Jade Wind and Fire
wheel was considered to have slight made
up for the shortcomings in this area
just as luu was thinking this he
suddenly sensed something in his eyelids
couldn't help but jump and so on the
introduction format of this treasure was
surprisingly exactly the same as the
reward given by the system if it wasn't
for the addition of the word Supreme
treasure in front of it luu almost
thought that it was given by the system
sure enough this matches previous
speculation his system
for the most part came from the last
reincarnation or even many
reincarnations ago maybe there was some
connection with the owner of this
reincarnation Tower thinking about this
Lou you couldn't help but think a little
more since this system had chosen
himself could he make The Reincarnation
Tower choose him as well if it becomes
the Lord of The Reincarnation tower that
is really unimaginable
at that time in the entire universe who
else will be a rival the human race is
bound to rise again or the Unstoppable
kind becoming the sole Overlord of the
universe is no longer a dream thinking
of this luu was inexplicably a little
excited only this is clearly a Fool's
errand at least
previously when he had broken into the
first real reincarnation Tower luu could
not feel the slightest difference nor
was there anything summoning him maybe
breaking into the ninth floor would be
different even if it was highly unlikely
luu couldn't help but fantasize so after
all the average person passes by a
lottery store and fantasizes about what
he or she would do with the money if he
or she won $5 million to $10
million what's more the the system and
this reincarnation Tower more than
likely had some connection and it was
more than normal to think about it more
so it seems the second realm
reincarnation Tower was very necessary
to break into thinking this way luu left
the quiet room of the Airship and made
his way to the direction of the dining
hall it had been almost a month since
the retreat although there were
nutritional potions as energy
supplements and one would not feel
hungry but something like a nutritional
potion even if it's fruity still tastes
like there was naturally no way to
do so when he was in
seclusion but now that he was out of
seclusion he had to eat something
delicious as an S-Class ship the Polaris
naturally needs no mention of its food
reserves and the galley even has a
vegetable and fruit cultivation bin
which allows for fresh vegetables fruits
and vegetables to be eaten at any time
anywhere there are also artificially
intelligent robots that specialize in
making food regardless of any cuisine
when L walked to the kitchen there was
already someone on this side it was
certainly Xiao Jing when Xiao Jing who
was eating saw luu his eyes instantly
lit up his eyes filled with admiration
and he hurriedly spoke Big Brother you
finally come out of the
Customs aha luu nodded and casually
asked how are things these days did
anything big happen Xiao Jing knew what
luu was asking and hurriedly recounted
it for him a month ago luu had killed
his way to second place in The
Reincarnation Tower in one breath
although he was not the first he was
still the uncrowned k
causing the entire universe to boil and
the 10,000 celestials to be shaken by it
that scene no doubt was
mind-blowing the entire human
Community as a result raised their
eyebrows and their praise for luu was at
its peak Xiao Jing knew what luu wanted
to hear and focused on it for quite some
time here luu nodded his head as he
listened eating up the Delicacies while
listening to how the cosmic 10,000 rac's
Heavenly Pride was shocked by himself
after speaking for a long time Xiao Jing
was able to prioritize and continue to
talk about other things for example the
seed God Clan sinic who had put out word
to wait for him hoping to fight with luu
but
unfortunately luu was in
seclusion so it was impossible for him
to wait thus he decided to to impact the
eighth floor and it turned out that he
really did succeed becoming the first
contestant to arrive at the eighth floor
of the one realm reincarnation Tower
hearing this luu revealed a look of
surprise this Neptune Clans
simsic there's something to it yeah Xiao
Jing nodded thought for a moment and
continued
furthermore he continued to let the word
out that he hopes that big brother you
can break into the second realm
reincarnation Tower and that he's
waiting for you over there and is about
to fight you this is staring at me luu
smiled chapter 115 a new mission is
coming preventing trouble before it
happens are you confident Big Brother
Xiao Jing couldn't help but ask this SE
God Clans cic undoubtedly strong
could be seen a bit from breaking
through to the eighth floor he came from
the isolated civilization group that was
cut off from the
Starfield there is no enmity with the
human Community it wasn't known whether
he was being used as a gun or to Curry
favor with the 10,000 races of the
universe or was simply
belligerent but he openly shouted and
more than once that he had to fight with
luu however during this period of time
luu had been in a state of seclusion so
naturally he was unable to respond the
10,000 races of that Universe then felt
that luu was battles shy and flirted
with the idea that he did not live up to
his name and did not have the heart of a
true
Powerhouse even with the news of luu's
seclusion he was not heard and still
felt that luu was nothing more than that
this is normal as the saying goes if
it's not my kind
its heart will be different they are
hostile to the human race how can they
say anything good about you
naturally they tried to find ways to
slander it he can break through to the
eighth floor he does have some
strength however he is not my opponent
at all Leu smiled faintly and said with
a certainty in his tone hearing this
Xiao Jing put his heart down then since
big brother has said so there must not
be any problem little
foreigners nothing more than clowns Xiao
Jing asked again then is Big Brother
going to respond to him of course luu
nodded and said
seriously he took advantage of my
seclusion and was arrogant for so long
making it seem like I'm afraid of him he
must be taught a good lesson right tell
me more about the second realm
reincarnation Tower good Xiao Jing
nodded and narrated for luu once again
since the end of the first realm
reincarnation Tower it was only a few
days before the second realm
reincarnation tower opened those
heavenly Prides who had ranked high in
the first realm reincarnation Tower had
upgraded their Realms to break into the
second realm reincarnation Tower again
only just because they could stir up the
wind and clouds at the first realm
reincarnation Tower didn't mean that
they could continue to call the wind and
rain at the second realm reincarnation
Tower many of the top ranked Geniuses of
the first realm confidently broke into
the second realm reincarnation Tower
only to return in defeat even that se
God Clan genius XI in zik who had broken
through to the eighth floor and gotten
the first place in the one realm
reincarnation Tower the highest ranking
was only
37th those ranked high in the other
Realms had difficulty even squeezing
into the top 100 hearing this luu
revealed an unexpected expression this
second realm reincarnation Tower there
are so many experts although he had
known this for a long time it still
surprised him a bit to hear that the
genius of the seag god Clan Sim sick
actually couldn't even squeeze into the
top 10 yes Jiao Jing nodded and
continued because many of the naturally
powerful races in the universe are not
born in the one realm these special
races are just born in the second and
third Realms some extremely rare races
as soon as they reach adulthood they are
directly in the fourth realm or even the
fifth realm these uniquely blessed races
are not only born with great strength
they also possess unique and eight
secret techniques in the second realm
reincarnation Tower many are just such
existences steadily occupying the top
rankings in the second realm
reincarnation Tower the situation of
humans is similar to that of the first
realm reincarnation Tower and the best
ranking is just
1,2 listening to Xiao Jing's narration
it was as if L you could already see the
scene in the second realm reincarnation
Tower where the experts were like
clouds that's right it's really
something to look forward to the
stronger the opponent the more motivated
the challenge it's really no fun at all
if it's all a bunch of rookies who just
push through sideways the whole way I
had thought that that Neptune Clan
synthic was the main course but I didn't
realize that it was just an
appetizer making a scene and challenging
yourself because you can't break into
the top 10 is coming to the picture Xiao
Jing narrated about the second realm
reincarnation Tower while secretly
observing luu's expression seeing his
eyes light up with
anticipation he couldn't help but
exclaim in his heart Big Brother
deserves to be big brother even though
the 10,000 races are as strong as clouds
so what it's just a sword chop
magnificent just then luu suddenly froze
there was a flash of some surprise in
his eyes because just now the system
came up with a prompt here comes a new
assignment Lu you didn't think much
about it and hurriedly looked at it you
have managed to gain a billion points of
reputation amongst the 10,000 races of
the universe your reputation has
emboldened these foreign Races they fear
your rise yet they cannot stop you you
did a great job with the last one but
you know that this is just the beginning
just in some recent days you
accidentally discovered that within the
human race
it has long since ceased to be United
and even with the threat of the 10,000
races of the universe a lot of dirty and
sorted things have still happened some
of the human Race's small country
dignitaries failed to endure the
temptation of the foreigners and
betrayed Dasha betraying the human race
this is truly heartbreaking and
infuriating they absolutely cannot be
spared the Betrayal of these people
caused irreparable damage causing the
already bad situation to collapse
further but
fortunately with your father holding the
fort in front of you there wasn't much
of a problem but it is incumbent upon
you as the son of the Marshall Saint to
step in and solve this problem stage one
Quest catch all those traitorous
insiders lurking in the shadows reward
for the mission the evil slaying sword
technique stage two Quest please
complete the great unification and merge
and integrate all the countries so that
the human race will no longer be divided
into countries Mission reward Shen Kuan
treasure Pearl the mission description
for this one is pretty long when luu
carefully read the mission he couldn't
help but Furrow his brows he had thought
that the system Quest would allow him to
continue his conquest and challenge more
powerful foreigners thus gaining more
Prestige values like 10 billion Prestige
points in this way he might be able to
break into a second reincarnation Tower
and completed in the process as it
turned out the system did not release
such a mission but instead told him to
return to the interior of the human race
and deal with the internal affairs of
the human race no longer United within
the human race some small countries
betrayed the Granda and betrayed the
human
race however this is a mission 40 years
from now now the problem shouldn't be
serious
I haven't heard any of that at least so
far these other countries they don't
have any small actions or thoughts they
are all dominated by great seah after
all the general environment of the human
race is still flourishing right now but
since the system Quest is described in
this way it means that this problem in
the future is bound to happen then as
long as I complete this task
it will be considered a precautionary
measure luu pondered then fell into deep
thought
regardless this Mission has to be done
even if there's no reward for the quest
you have to do it it is a great thing to
clear up ills for the sake of
mankind but the task is hard
unquestionably hard it's quite a bit
harder than those previous missions one
has to think long and hard about how
exactly to go about it Xiao Jing who was
on the side sought his elder brother who
seemed to be thinking about something
and didn't disturb sitting quietly on
the side chapter 116 annexation is not
rare bad news the human race is in
internal turmoil and there are traitors
stabbing from behind good news it's
happening in the future you you don't
have to mend your ways you can just
prevent it if it were 40 years later
this task could be urgent the only way
to solve this mess is to cut through it
quickly suppress it with
Thunderbolts and excise all the carrying
that has given birth to rotten sores in
this way the ills of the human race can
be swept away this
process no doubt will see countless
heads fall to the ground
to accomplish it even if the son of a
martial Saint were to do it it would
still be difficult enough the first
stage of the mission was fine it was
going to be relatively easy but the
second stage of the mission was horribly
difficult complete the great
unification merge and integrate All
Nations so that the human race will no
longer be divided into Nations it's not
an easy task either in the future or at
this point in time luu pondered for a
long time the task was difficult but it
had to be done
regardless
furthermore the second realm
reincarnation Tower at the moment was
definitely not to be missed there is no
time limit for this task and there is no
need to be in such a hurry after all it
was 40 years later and it shouldn't be
that serious now
moreover by making a bigger name for
themselves in the rein Carnation Tower
it would be relatively easier to go and
do this Quest later on after a long time
L you found the master promote the
merger and integration of Nations so
that the human race will no longer be
divided into Nations even if Lu you was
a genius and had a great
reputation it would still be very very
difficult to
accomplish therefore it was still
necessary to drag the master into the
ship of Thieves
in addition there's
popside which is even more to fight for
master
master I'm finally out of the gate it
feels like it's been so long since I've
seen Master Lu you ran over with a smile
on his face xia wuan glanced at him
what's your business been in seclusion
for almost a month came to say hello to
master what else could it be luu said
with a smile oh jaia wanan said
indifferently if there's something just
say it master I want to L you hurriedly
spoke don't think xia Wan said faintly
Lu youu it's not I haven't even said
anything yet why do you just tell me to
get over it it's true not a chance in
hell
looking at luu's face that was holding
back Xiao Wan Yuan spoke although I
don't know what you want to say but the
look of your belly full of bad water is
simply not too obvious so don't say
anything that's too much l youu what do
you mean a belly full of bad news this
is a big deal for the country and for
the people this is for the future of the
entire human race luu thought for a
moment and decided to
retreat
Master I've heard something Xiao wuan
casually asked what is it it's like this
I heard that when I broke into second
place in the one realm reincarnation
Tower the entire universe of the 10,000
races was a buzz with excitement and
many of the 10,000 races Heavenly Prides
were all stunned one by one after they
saw the live broadcast of my
breakthrough totally didn't expect me to
be that strong luu said with a smile
you're here to show off for me Xiao wuan
glanced at him of course not luu shook
his head and said it's just the second
in the district reincarnation Tower it's
not even worth showing off I mean why
are these foreign races able to see my
breakthrough live when Xiao wuan heard
this he glanced at luu with some
surprise Lu U's Focus can be different
the average person would not even think
in that direction after hearing this
news leak Xiao wuan said
succinctly right luu hurridly
nodded this shows that the human race is
now full of
loopholes this will never work you want
to cleanse the spies within the human
race jaia wuan probably understood luu's
thoughts aha luu nodded
then aren't you afraid that someone will
use the name of cleansing to do whatever
they want Xiao wuan asked Lu you
couldn't help but stare when he heard
this needless to say this is something
that does need to be considered
decentralizing the power to cleanse
spies doesn't mean decentralizing that
responsibility it is almost a
foreseeable scenario that if oversight
is not in place there are bound to be
slip-ups in that case even a one-stage
mission is still not simple but it would
be choking on fear of this to hold back
the task is difficult for sure but
that's exactly why it has to be done
beautifully thinking of this luu spoke
again but this thing it must be done
then do you know the root cause of this
problem xia wuan gave him another look
the root cause what is it
L you thought about it and continued to
ask the fundamental reason is that the
hearts of the human race are not United
all at this stage there are still
differences between countries there's no
way to hold together naturally it's easy
for spies to appear Xiao wuan slowly
said hearing this Lu you asked
obediently then can it be possible to
let the human race be greatly Unified
let the human race no longer have
differences between
countries difficult xia wuan shook his
head it's not a simple matter can Master
tell us more about it luu's eyes glowed
hearing luu's words xiaan Yuan gave him
a somewhat strange look why did he
inexplicably feel that this little guy's
ultimate goal was for this what does he
care but on second thought luu went to
the cabinet to participate in politics
when he couldn't even speak well and it
seemed normal to be interested in these
aspects xiaan Yuan shook his head and
said
indifferently in this matter you'll have
to go home and ask your old Marshall St
father who single-handedly created this
situation hauh Lou you heard this but he
was
unforgiving he shook his master's Thigh
Master just say something
to be
mature he can be very mature but if he
is a child he can also use being a child
to his Advantage couldn't stand luu's
repeated
harassment in the end jaia wuan still
gave a rough account of the
situation it was very different from
what luu had expected in his opinion if
diaa were to Annex other countries the
resistance would definitely come from
those annexed countries which was normal
thinking after all who wants to be
annexed by someone else who knew that
the real situation was the exact
opposite almost without exception those
small countries of the human race wanted
to join the
Granda to become part of it this is not
just lip service they are for this
conducted a number of
referendums send out many times the
application almost crying begging Dasha
annexation of their own planets well at
least they are all human to manage M as
a result dashia didn't want these
countries at all and didn't agree once
the reason was simple the great seas
Nationals had high welfare were the
strongest had the best conditions and
the planets under their command were
without exception the richest Plains of
Life The Living planets of other
countries
on the other hand don't have the same
conditions not only are the environments
harsh but the locations are quite remote
therefore Dasha didn't even care about
annexing them chapter 117 no you're the
Challenger in the entire ecosystem of
the human race Desa occupies an absolute
hegemonic position eating fragrant food
and drinking spicy food while those
other countries which can only
occasionally have a mouthful of soup are
living in a rather straightened
situation it's not even an exaggeration
to say that they pick up dasha's
leftovers and all of this was driven by
his old man Lu Chang xang it's not
really accurate to say that making it
seem like Lu Chang Shing is the bad guy
the reality is the human race at the
time almost overthrown
had reached the edge of
exhaustion it was because of Lu Chang
Ching's sudden appearance that the human
race had risen rapidly in the universe
as the first 10 realm Marshall saint of
the great s and even the entire human
race he had made an unparalleled
achievement he was the one who alone
shocked the evil gods of the 10,000
races exactly dashia rightfully takes
the Lion's Share of the cake with the
remaining countries picking up some of
dasha's scraps and edges because even if
it was some scraps it was a living
planet ah placed in the entire
universe it was still extremely precious
it's been a lot better compared to the
old days of misery it started out that
way surely it was right and these
countries had no other ideas and
willingly acted as the Green Leaf of
dashia but as the saying goes It's not a
matter of not having enough to go around
this side of Dasha is getting better and
better as the fire is cooking and the
flowers are blooming other countries on
the other hand have been living in
misery for a long time and how can their
hearts be balanced after the people who
witnessed that battle in the beginning
grew old the young people felt that it
was not fair enough they also want to be
part of Dasha but
dashan not only didn't want them but
also utilized them in various ways like
a rich white woman teasing a licking dog
giving a little hope now and then but
definitely not together it's not unusual
for them to think differently over time
actually these things back along long
time ago bayyo had said to luu note
chapter 6
it's just that the luu at that time who
was standing in the perspective of
dashia in the perspective of his own old
man didn't think it was anything now
that I saw this system Quest and heard
Master say this I immediately felt
different after all the resistance is on
the side of our own
people difficult to get what's to be
done about this Lou you frowned jaia
when youan only felt a little amused
when he saw luu thinking seriously about
this issue a small age with troubles
that don't belong to him by the way do
you still want to break into the second
realm reincarnation Tower xia wuan asked
indifferently if we're not going to
break in we can go back break in luu
said without thinking but I have to
ascend to the second realm first good
Xiao wuan nodded
luu turned around and returned to the
quiet room there was no hurry to breakr
first he had already perfected the first
realm and could break through at any
time it wasn't much of a problem he
decided to make a calm call to Pops a
short while later the call was answered
soon Lu changings image appeared in
front of luu's eyes and he looked down
at him my chilling child fin finally
thinking of calling home luu said with
some
embarrassment Dad I've been in seclusion
for a while I accidentally forgot the
time Lu Chang xang nodded do you still
want to break into the second realm
reincarnation
Tower yes luu said because of the
seclusion I missed the time and didn't
get the first place in the first realm's
reincarnation Tower the first place in
the second realm definitely can't be
missed again the second realm
reincarnation Tower is not
ordinary I'm afraid you'll have a hard
time getting first place Lu Chang xang
said I know but it's always a good idea
to try luu shook his head and said
seriously
moreover I become stronger during this
period of
seclusion oh how many inscriptions have
you mastered Lu Chang xang asked
casually
already mastered 108 of them Lu you
replied Lu Ching's face visibly
stiffened when he heard these words
clearly not expecting luu's rate of
progress to be so fast you have to know
that things like
inscriptions the first 50 were fine the
difficulty wasn't that high and the more
you got to the back the harder it was to
master however luu acted as if there was
no bottleneck
this kind of talent even Lu Chong xang
was a bit
surprised good boy what a way to
surprise pops not bad Lu changing nodded
and gave a relatively positive
assessment then
continued however just mastering some
inscriptions is just that you can't be
complacent yet stringing those
inscriptions together is the key step
which is going to be a bit more
difficult yes this step is indeed
difficult it took me a lot of effort to
connect the 13
inscriptions in series luu said rather
agreeably it's good that you know what
when Lu Chang xang heard this he visibly
froze for a moment and couldn't help but
glance at luu you've already
succeeded yes otherwise why would I say
that I'd become stronger this time in
seclusion Lu you said rightfully Lu
Chong xen Nice Guy what a great guy this
kid's Talent was many times more
powerful than he had imagined after a
long time Lu changing nodded and said
not bad really good worthy of being my
son in that case you really do have a
chance to break into the top rankings of
the second realm reincarnation
Tower what reward do you need for
working so hard I can fulfill you as
long as it's not too much Lu Chang xang
said so and he obviously saw that luu
had something to ask for when luu heard
this he couldn't help but be stunned he
obviously didn't expect that his old man
would see a too was it really that
obvious without hiding anything luu said
the words that his master had said to
him
roughly followed by his own
concerns if this continues to be allowed
to go on there will more than likely be
civil
unrest as well as betrayal in the
future this is a serious problem
listening to luu's narration Lu Chan
Chang revealed some unexpected
expression obviously did not expect luu
to say this he nodded and said this
matter it is not so simple have to think
long term as for the mole it's not that
Troublesome it's well taken care of I'll
order it down as Lu you listened to this
he knew that there was too much involved
and it was definitely not something that
could be resolved in a single sentence a
short while later the communication hung
up luu also began to try to make a
breakthrough without encountering any
bottlenecks
it was very smooth to break into the
second realm at the same time he also
refined the white Jade Wind and Fire
wheel with the power of His Chi and
blood and the Supreme treasure lived up
to its name instantly rising to the
second Rank and the attributes of all
aspects increased by a lot after
everything was fully prepared luu
immediately decided to go and break into
the second realm reincarnation Tower
it's different from the last time when
he broke right in without a word this
time luu let the wind out of his sails
no doubt about it it attracted countless
attention straight away whether it was
the human race or the 10,000 races of
the
universe all of them cast their eyes
over all of them wanting to know this
kid of the human race which level could
he break through to when the SE God Clan
sinek heard the news he didn't even
hesitate to come and snipe to fight luu
it's a
coincidence just the first battle the
two top Heavenly Prides of the first
realm reincarnation Tower then bumped
into each other it's like a pin prick of
fire one side was first in the one realm
reincarnation Tower and one side was
second in the one realm reincarnation
Tower the battle between the two great
Prides of Heaven ignited the heat
completely the first floor of The
Reincarnation Tower
the ring luu looked at the opponent in
front of him and said with a smile
finally given the chance to challenge me
hearing this synthic froze slightly then
slowly raised his head and said proudly
no you're the
Challenger chapter 118 trash talking but
you're really doing it the battle
between the two sides attracted enough
attention even before it started a month
earlier when luu killed all the way to
the second of The Reincarnation Tower
and became famous in the universe the
sea god Clan sinc put out the word to
fight luu at that time there were
countless foreigners who were looking
forward to it as a result luu did not
respond until the one realm
reincarnation Tower closed the two sides
did not fight this has made the
universal races a bit disinterested
however when you think about it it makes
sense if luu answered the battle and
then was eliminated at the first level
the ranking would fall although there's
still a chance to break in again and
possibly make it to Second Place that's
going to be a question mark after all
strength is one aspect and form as well
as luck is also quite important there
were there were some Emperors who
analyzed that the hard power of the
human luu could at most make it into the
top five and that this second place
belonged to
overplaying
therefore if he answered the battle he
would either have an epiphany in
progress again or he would be arrogant
to the extreme and not have an accurate
perception of his own strength it would
be wise not to respond to the war
instead after all a sufficiently high
ranking was worth a supreme treasure
soon when the second realm reincarnation
tower opened the seag god Clan sinic
once again let out the word for luu to
fight him again his thoughts were simple
since you had concerns when you were in
the first realm reincarnation Tower
worrying about falling down in the
rankings then breaking into the second
realm reincarnation Tower you don't have
that concern do you as a result Lou you
still did
respond that's a bit of a wimp it also
caused a lot of
criticism to this day luu had come out
of the gate and this belated battle had
finally begun the previous rumors had
thus dissipated Liu was really in
seclusion now that he had come out of
the gate he called for the 10,000 racist
Celestial Pride to boil over once again
I'm the
Challenger when luu heard this his face
was a bit subtle he smiled and shook his
head I have grown again I am no longer
the person I was a month ago you are not
my opponent if you want to look for soft
pincers to pinch then you are very wrong
and talk trash synthic just sneered not
even taking that to heart it's normal
he's number one in his own civilized
community in the entire world one realm
reincarnation Tower it was likewise
number one it was even the first
existence to break through to the eighth
floor though fored at the second realm
reincarnation Tower but it didn't mean
that Lu you could leave him out of the
picture cut the crap take out your full
strength and fight me don't ever let me
down synthic said
indifferently and at the same time the
weapon behind him like a lotus
flower slowly unfolded and hovered in
midair spiritual
naries or rather numinous Power Man Lu
you saw the scene and thought so as the
countdown went on by the minute soon the
battle has begun come please me synthic
reached out and the sharp blades behind
him like flowing water flowed quickly
then just reached out a sharp blade like
a torrential rain attacked crazily
towards luu luu looked at the scene in
front of him but he was not the least
bit panicked and slowly raised the long
sword in his hand which bloomed with a
bright and dazzling light P sword prison
after a month luu used this move again
when he first mastered 45
inscriptions he was just barely able to
use the beginnings of of the sword
prison now that he had mastered 108
inscriptions along with successfully
stringing together 13
inscriptions the completion of the sword
prison was only a little higher and
after all he had not yet completely
mastered it it had to be said that the
difficulty of this move sword prison was
quite
exaggerated the moment the incoming
sharp blade before it could get close
was dang was flicked away with a sound
Cynthia had repeatedly watched the video
of luu's breakthrough and knew the power
of this move sword prison so she wasn't
surprised break me break under synthic
control the sharp blades that had been
bounced off the ground only paused for a
split second before killing back this
time they no longer attacked together
but lined up one by one attacking
continuously in succession to forcefully
break luu's sword prison I have to say
this synthic reaction speed is very fast
directly find a way to
respond
perhaps this is a tactic that has long
been thought about with the successive
thrusts of a Sharp blade it really did
allow him to tear open the sword prison
luu was a bit
surprised obviously
if he was the person he was a month ago
he would have been hanging on by a
thread when he encountered this sinic
only this month of seclusion had allowed
luu to grow too much the gap between the
two sides has been completely widened
seeing that his attack had managed to
tear an opening in this sword prison the
corners of synthic mouth lifted slightly
it's broken you can die now have you
made enough of a scene luu looked at him
and differently and raised the sword in
his hand in an instant the range covered
by the sword prison rapidly
expanding just in an instant actually
straight extended out 100 ft Square will
be this large ring completely covered as
the completion of the sword prison
became higher and higher the
controllable range
naturally became larger and larger
feeling the rapid transformation of the
space around him Cynthia's face suddenly
changed drastically revealing a look of
disbelief as he looked at luu in
astonishment how is it possible how is
it
impossible luu glanced at him and said
in a somewhat strange manner didn't I
already say that this month of
seclusion I am no longer the same person
I was a month ago and you don't believe
me so what can I do
synthic no wasn't that just badgering a
little pregame trash talk to irritate
the opposition before the ring battle
began there was 100 seconds of
preparation time and most of the
intruders would use that time to talk a
little Trash who would have thought that
ludu didn't talk trash to him and that
all that talk was actually true as the
range of the sword prison became larger
a the sharp blade that had been
Invincible only moments ago had now been
suppressed By The Sword prison space to
the point where it couldn't move do you
have any more tricks up your sleeve luu
looked at him calmly and asked
indifferently if not you can go die iinc
wanted to speak only feeling
extraordinarily
humiliated just now he was saying that
luu was the Challenger but he didn't
realize that he was so strong to such an
extent no
luu shook his head slightly and in the
next instant countless sword lights
stabbed directly in front of synthic
body a layer of scaly armor immediately
surfaced on synic body surface which was
the Supreme treasure obtained from the
one realm reincarnation Tower mixed
armor zip the sword light struck the
armor making an extremely unpleasant
sound this supreme treasure armor was
indeed not bad but it was ultimately
only of the second Rank and could not
block the constant assault of the sword
light poof poof poof countless tiny
sword lights after striking through the
scales drilled in along a gap and in
just an instant underneath the complete
armor since it had already turned into a
lump of Flesh and mud
Cynthia eliminated
chapter 119 nosis
Enlightenment
Enlightenment synthic of the posidon
clan lost he had lost so crisply that he
was instantly defeated before luu could
enjoy the battle no one expected the gap
between the two sides to be so wide to
no at the time of the first realm
reincarnation Tower sinik still had an
absolute advantage luu of the human race
at that time was unable to break through
to the the eighth floor even with his
best
efforts however the sea god Clan
CK however had most successfully rushed
to the eighth floor on the eighth floor
synthic became a little stronger by
attending to the new stone tablet thanks
to this he was in the second realm
reincarnation Tower breaking into the
front
rankings there were too many Heaven
defying demons in this second realm
reincarnation Tower he's been pretty
good with that
performance and yet even with this
synthic in front of luu it had lost so
dryly it's
horrible after just a month of seclusion
luu had clearly become stronger The
Spectators of the 10,000 races of the
universe the countless Heavenly Prides
the one and only powerful person all of
them went numb after seeing this
result why
this guy is getting stronger so fast why
is he so fast this is
outrageous it's
outrageous when he first started
breaking into the first realm
reincarnation Tower luu had mastered
about 10
inscriptions this was already an amazing
enough natural Talent after all he
wasn't someone who destroyed his
foundation and retrained but a true
genius of the first realm how long has
it been
and he's already mastered over a 100
inscriptions even this move extreme
sword prison was used
decently
originally the natural Talent was
stunning enough who would have thought
that the rate of progress would be even
more Heaven defying but in a month's
time sinic didn't even deserve to be
luu's opponent anymore although it was
said that the greatest characteristic of
the human martial arts system was that
the speed of getting stronger was fast
enough those who went forward as martial
artists in order to become stronger
quickly one lives shorter than the other
just for the sake of defending the glory
of the human race they were charging all
kinds of craziness on the
battlefield just like a bunch of crazy
people however at lower Realms humans
don't have much of an
advantage so this luu is definitely not
normal no doubt about it with this
battle over among the 10,000 races of
the universe luu's attention was
unprecedented the ring as synthic died
the Scaled Armor he was wearing binged
and fell to the ring when luu saw the
scene he couldn't help but feel a bit
greedy with the white Jade Wind and Fire
wheel after making up for the flaws and
speed the only thing thing lacking now
was
defense
unfortunately this thing was something
that had a master and even if you
defeated your opponent you couldn't get
it
fittingly as synthic is resurrected in a
spaceship the scaly armor is returned to
his body he he even synthic face was
ugly he couldn't help but clench his
fists and for a moment he was in a
jealous rage
why why is it that in only a month's
time he has become so strong it was
expected that luu would become stronger
after all it disappeared for a month it
would be strange if there wasn't a
little change but he never expected that
in just a month's time luu's strength
had undergone a drastic change in his
expectations this was a flagrant fight
at best
who would have thought that Lu you would
directly crush him when the sword prison
expanded he didn't even have the
slightest bit of resistance left you
didn't lose
unjustly on the side the sea god Clan's
Emperor slowly spoke
matriarch synthic looked up in
consternation this sort of his it
already vaguely has the flavor of a
domain the emperor of the sea god Clan
said
slowly
domain cynic froze for a moment a look
of disbelief on his face whom the sea
god Clans Emperor nodded and
continued if I'm not mistaken he's
mastered at least a 100
inscriptions and has even begun
stringing them together this little guy
he's really powerful listening to the
patriarch's unstinting praise cic's face
became even uglier for a moment synthic
of the sea god Clan was the first place
in the first realm reincarnation Tower
not only did luu win it was a complete
crushing Victory with the end of this
battle the entire human Community were
completely boiled after a month the heat
of the topic about luu once again
exploded
meanwhile in the midst of this
unprecedented Heat
a massive
investigation is quietly
underway all these years down the line
Marshall St L Chang Ching's means had
spread to all the major planets and
cities of the human race this was used
to investigate some human spies it was
like hitting a mosquito with a cannon it
couldn't be simpler with the assistance
of a powerful man as well as the
intelligent detection platform of tiang
gong one spy after another was quickly
Unearthed identity
established location
determined next it's just a matter of
waiting for closing time in the
meantime all the races of the
universe countless
Spectators and countless powerful people
were all watching luu's breakthrough
live broadcast with great interest they
were curious to know just what level
this little guy from the human race had
broken into at the second realm
reincarnation Tower
you easily defeated
Cynthia which was indeed strong only in
the second realm reincarnation Tower
there were quite a few demons who could
do the same luu once again began his
frantic mode of breaking and entering
Tier 1 tier 2 tier
three
obviously the second realm reincarnation
Tower was quite a bit harder than the
first realm reincarnation Tower but the
good thing is
he's gotten stronger all the same in one
breath he broke through to the sixth
floor before becoming slightly
exhausted
eventually luu broke through to the
seventh floor on the seventh floor of
the second realm reincarnation Tower
there was a similarly huge stone
monument it was different from the one
in the first realm the stone monument
with billions of inscriptions engraved
on it on top of this huge Stone tablet
there was actually only one inscription
an immensely complex inscription luu was
greatly shocked after Just One Look the
Dow written on this Stone tablet was the
DOW of inscription Fusion this is a step
up from a simple tandem so inscriptions
can still be like this tandem Fusion
Dash Lou you vaguely understood
something and it seemed like he had
grabbed some very crucial information in
the dark
but he couldn't describe it
accurately at the same time the tiue
immortal cell and tiue diffractive
Dharma pill began to operate slowly it
was as if the fog was gradually lifted
and things that were originally vague
and unclear gradually became Clear luu's
Eyes whitened he saw it the fusion of
inscriptions that ultimate Direction was
the extreme of the Dharma body the root
of the formation of the Dharma phase and
likewise the origin of the formation of
the domain so that's it so that's it in
this instant luu was completely
mesmerized and once again began to have
an epiphany
inscriptions Dharma bodies Dharma phases
domains it turns out that the
relationship between the four to use the
simplest
analogy is like
point line
surface space points make lines lines
make faces and faces make space the
final space is also the Prototype of the
rule borrowing from the huge stone
monument on this seventh level luu
enumerated for seven days and seven
nights in one breath until all the rest
time was exhausted it was only after he
was automatically teleported outside the
danger zone that he woke up as if in a
dream chapter 120 a sword opens the
Heavenly gate strongly breaking into the
eighth floor it's over luu looked around
his eyes filled with regret 7 days have
passed since then not enough not enough
at all to be honest luu had really
thought that the effect of epiphany when
the three were combined tiue Immortal
cells plus tiue defraction d Plus
inscript I Stone tablet would be so good
pity if I had been given another month I
could have gone to the extreme of Dharma
body and even forming a Dharma face
prototype would not have been a problem
being in the middle of an epiphany he
was suddenly teleported out this kind of
abrupt ending feeling simply don't be
too hard to bear luu was a bit upset but
there was nothing he could do about
about it during these seven days of
seclusion he had naturally gained a lot
not only had he comprehended the
inscriptions to
128 he had also successfully strung
together 45
inscriptions there is no doubt that the
strength is once again off the charts it
would have been more or less difficult
to get first place in the second realm
reincarnation tower now it looks like
it's not too late to give it a
try however these seven days of of
Enlightenment had also stretched the
time that was already left even further
luu scan the personal
information name luu race human current
floors seven current ranking
2595 current area hazardous area
countdown to the end of the Tower of
reincarnation 4 days 23 hours and 10
minutes remaining number of break-ins
six second realm reincarnation Tower
less than 5 days left but is enough I
wonder what the situation is like with
this second realm reincarnation Tower
breaking in is there any Heavenly Pride
that has broken through to the eighth
floor is there any demon who has broken
through to the ninth floor there won't
be none will there then I'm not welcome
luu raised his head his gaze becoming
gradually
determined his idea was simple if you
wanted to complete the systems Mainline
Mission push for the great unification
of the human race and complete this epic
difficulty Mission you had to have
enough power of speech and this
reincarnation Tower is the chance to
prove yourself it was precisely for this
reason that luu did not say this in the
heroes of the great summer group he
didn't want that to be considered
childish nonsense
so in this reincarnation Tower it was
very important to obtain a better
ranking and take more Supreme Treasures
if he could be regarded as a future
Marshall Saint or little sword Saint
then the people of the major Powers will
value his opinions and
ideas with this in mind luu no longer
thought about it and directly began his
charge with luu's charge his ranking in
the second realm reincarnation Tower
began to Surge forward once CE again of
the human
Community after everyone heard this news
each one of them was incomparably
excited and watched luu's Rush once
again this scene it's deja vu all over
again a month or so ago Lu you was like
this after shutting down for seven days
at the seventh level after he came out
he pushed all the way across the board
directly from more than a thousand
killing the second place in one breath
this time he started even lower at over
2,000 in addition the second realm
reincarnation Tower was even more
difficult and the opponents were even
more
formidable can he ever replicate the
miracle he did in the countless pairs of
expectant eyes Lu you once again began
to push across the room as Monster after
Monster fell but in an instant he rushed
from over
2,000 to
1,000 the speed is
outrageous in the
meantime the 10,000 races of the
universe also knew the news one can't
wait to tune in to this live stream some
of the alien powerhouses were even more
surprised to find that in just seven
short days luu had once again
transformed his body this little guy
he's gotten even stronger this speed of
becoming stronger is truly Heaven
defying I have to say there's the
Elegance of the Marshall Saint back then
the little Marshall saint of the human
race how high can he Rush this time can
we kill our way to the eighth floor
interesting
interesting that's when the order to
close the net was
communicated one human spy after another
was plucked out the light feed was
suddenly interrupted and no more images
came through all the Fate powerhouses
were
dumbfounded whom what's the
situation no more showing the human
transmitting the live feed dropped out
this does it say problems on The Human
Side damn human let me see it again
before you choke the live feed I was
watching it fine and then suddenly I
couldn't watch it
and it just wasn't too hard looking
again at the rankings on the second
realm reincarnation Tower luu was still
soaring wildly indicating that he was
still pushing all the way across the
board nah there's no live stream to
watch so I can only stare
urgent urgent urgent how come you're not
showing it the human race is also too
Petty however
these Fay just can't watch it live those
spies will be in deep the crime of
treason is no joke as luu pushed his way
across the board his ranking continued
to soar as if there was no
bottleneck as it had been over a month
ago half an hour later luu raised his
head this is the end of the seventh
floor in the distance the second ranked
spider monsters that resemble resembled
waves of the sea came surging in once
again this scene it's so
familiar more than a month ago luu
looked extraordinarily small when he
faced this terrifying number of spider
monsters and even with all his might he
could only barely kill his way out at
that time he was covered in wounds and
his Chi was even completely depleted so
it could be said that he was in a sorry
state to the extreme
although he managed to kill his way out
the next second he was engulfed by these
spider monsters and directly failed to
break through the barrier after a month
or so these spider monsters had changed
from first order to second order so the
difficulty had risen more than just a
little bit he recoiled from the pounding
sense of
Crisis is this what it feels like to be
stronger it's really good blue stone are
Central Plaza millions of
Spectators looking at the great tide of
spiders in the distance subconsciously
held their breath in the second realm
reincarnation Tower how many demonic
Prides had all Fallen at this level so
far there hadn't been a single demon
that had managed to break through the
seventh floor and arrive at the eighth
floor if luu could break through to the
eighth floor then he would be the first
place winner of the second realm
reincarnation Tower just it's just too
hard hundreds of millions of second
order spider
monsters this number it was too
desperate just then the camera gave
luu's face everyone was shocked to find
that there wasn't even the slightest bit
of gravity in his boyish face
instead he revealed a faint
smile what a smile
at this point he's still swimming
everyone
froze a bold idea was born in his mind
it won't you can really break through to
the eighth
floor right this instant the entire
human Community nearly a thousand living
planets all fell silent
yaning
shuang chin Yun Li Shu kanay
and all the little friends of the great
summer Heroes group who were familiar
with luu without exception were all
staring tightly at the screen Jiang
banga tightly grasped the sleeve of the
beautiful woman on the side looking
extraordinarily nervous Bay yuyo stared
at the screen with the same
seriousness the next moment spider waves
coming in luu swung his sword without
hesitation it was as if the SE had been
parted and the densely packed spider
monsters were churned up without Mercy
under the sword prison space luu didn't
hold his head high the sword prison with
all its Firepower consumed too much Chi
and even with the inscriptions
replenishing it it was impossible to
maintain it for too long luckily he had
both feet on the white Jade wind in
Firewheel making the running speed more
than a little bit faster but in an
instant
he rushed through the Sea of spiders and
arrived at the end of the seventh
floor however the thick Heavenly gate
leading to the eighth layer was not open
at this moment it seems to require a
certain condition to be met before it
can be opened at the same time behind
luu the wave of spiders once again
attacked wanting to completely engulf
him chop luu swung his sword and chopped
again but instead of chopping at the
spider he chopped at the thick Heavenly
gate puman sword light the luminescent
sword light which had long been
skillfully mastered was displaying
unprecedented power at this moment with
just a single sword he broke open a gap
large enough to drill through that thick
Heavenly gate luu didn't hesitate his
feet stepped on the white Jade Wind and
Fire wheel and he made a fierce Sprint
forc ing his way through the eighth
floor chapter 121 a meeting of the
worlds a view of the mountains the
moment he rushed towards the eighth
floor luu immediately felt a repulsive
Force even if you chop open the Heavenly
gate you still can't enter it the eighth
level was denying him access it's not
right it doesn't seem so
resistant how why is there still a sense
of rejection
when luu's contemporary practice he
single-handedly brought you yuguang to
the end of the seventh layer but the
seventh layer ended up directly refusing
his entry the situation at the moment is
very similar yet different luu didn't
hesitate he fiercely exerted his
strength and the white Jade Wind and
Fire will under his feet rotated crazily
and then he forced his way in along with
L youu entering the eighth floor his
reincarnation Tower ranking had directly
changed from 23 to first place in the
meantime blue star Central Plaza
everyone watched as luu opened the
heaven gate with a sword and forced his
way to the eighth floor and each of them
stared with white eyes is this okay it
was reasonable to say that even if you
chopped open the Heavenly gate the
eighth floor would still deny you entry
because you don't have have the strength
to match it but luu was able to break
right in this also showed that with
luu's original strength he would be able
to enter the eighth floor he just
thought it was too slow to go through
the door by the book so he chose to
forcefully chop through the door as
luu's ranking rushed to first place the
human Community the originally quiet
major planets immediately Drew
unprecedented
cheers first first place in the Wheeling
Tower if the second of the one realm
reincarnation Tower was considered a
small regret because of luu's seclusion
it was lost with it then the strong
return at this moment is to prove a
point what he had lost he had to get
back with his own hands how about the
second realm reincarnation Tower so what
if there's a lot of heavenly pride in
demons still pushing all the way across
the board and holding on to first place
in the
meantime outside the second realm
Wheeling Tower with the rankings
refreshed again luu's ranking fixed at
first place the specific information was
clearly displayed on the current layer
the eighth layer the pride of the 10,000
races of the universe saw the scene and
each of them stared in
disbelief huh he broke through this is
the eighth floor of the second realm
reincarnation Tower to no how is that
possible it's countless Celestial Pride
couldn't help but suck in a breath of
cool air when they saw this scene
although I know that the human Lu you
was very powerful but still did not
expect that he can go this far the human
race had always been known for their
fast cultivation speed and at lower
Realms their strength was very average
it turned out that this son of the
Marshall Saint was so terrifying
the second of the one realm
reincarnation Tower was even when he
reached the second realm reincarnation
Tower he instead became even more Fierce
and directly killed the first this kind
of natural Talent this kind of
Enlightenment it was really too Heaven
defying in the
meantime when synthic of the sea god
Clan saw this news his eyes widened in
this instant the depression in his heart
was swep away he had been haunted by his
previous defeat in that battle he had
really lost too much putting out so many
harsh words only to have them wildly
slapped in the face it was simply a
disgrace to the seag god Clan the heart
of the da was shattered to this day so
much time has passed and no adjustment
has been made it was only at this moment
after seeing Lou you kill all the way to
number one one in the second realm
reincarnation Tower suppressing so many
Supreme Prides that he realized one
thing it turned out that the previous
defeat was not his problem but that this
guy was too perverted synthic had also
broken through to the end of the seventh
level and knew the difficulty over there
how exaggerated it really was at that
thought he was even a little glad it was
fortunate that luu had not come out
early and taken his first place at least
when he was in the first realm
reincarnation Tower cic had also got in
first place and suppressed luu now that
luu had gotten the first place in the
second realm he was considered to be on
par with him thinking this way synthic
Moon
improved I'm also going to break into
the second realm reincarnation Tower
again or at least get a higher ranking
Polaris
spacecraft Big Brother it's awesome as
luu broke into the eighth floor Xiao
Jing's exclamation of shock came
aside Jawuan looked at the image in
front of him and his ancient face was
directly a bit taught this little guy
what a fast rate of progress a month ago
the sword prison which was still
difficult to control could only barely
get a rudimentary prototype it's only
been a little over a month ah and it's
already going to be fully
controlled this extreme sword prison of
mine is it that simple how many
inscriptions has this mastered and how
many have been strung together when he
first taught luu the three swords the
idea was simple extreme Lumen sword
light used in the first and second
Realms pull Punisher of demons used used
at the third or fourth realm extreme
sword prison used at the fifth or sixth
realm for the next 10 years or so before
the sixth realm if Lu you could
perfectly Master these three swords he
would already be of supreme Talent who
would have thought how long has it been
in a few months time though he was about
to completely Master the extreme sword
prison Jawuan suddenly thought of what
luu had said to himself not too long ago
about inheriting his mantle and becoming
the first sword saint of the human race
at that time xiaan Yuan just laughed
thinking that luu was too naive and that
he still didn't know the difficulty
involved just how exaggerated it was at
this moment when he remembered those
words and then looked at luu who had
killed his way into the eighth floor and
still had some strength left he could be
described as having mixed feelings for a
while maybe really can jaia wuan
couldn't help but mutter Xiao Jing who
heard this from the side didn't hear too
well and couldn't help but turn around
and ask Dad what can it's nothing jaia
wuan slowly shook his head in the
meantime who Dash Lou let out a long
breath and looked around the scene
raising his eyebrows in some
surprise this is the eighth floor the
surrounding area appeared to be a lake
and swamp with clouds and mist and you
couldn't see the end of it at a glance
at the moment he was sitting in a small
boat there was a faceless Stone man at
the stern of the boat grasping a long
bamboo pole in his hand holding up the
boat in the meantime a curtain of light
appeared before luu's eyes
name luu race human current number of
floors eight current ranking first
current region excessive region
countdown to the end of the Tower of
reincarnation four days 22 hours and 40
minutes remaining number of break-ins
seven scan the text on the screen luu
then realized that he was already number
one in the reincarnation Tower after
breaking through to to the eighth floor
I didn't expect that I really didn't
originally I was still thinking this
second realm reincarnation Tower with
the Gathering of celestial pride and the
rampant presence of demons was really
something to look forward to the
stronger the opponent the more motivated
you are to challenge them who knew that
he had only become slightly stronger so
he could easily Ascend to the eighth
floor and get a glimpse of the mountains
surprisingly none of them could match
him
pity expectations were dashed
perhaps it's not that these opponents
are too weak but that they are too
strong luu shook his head and threw
these thoughts out of his mind as he
carefully looked at the surrounding
scene it's not a safe zone or a
dangerous Zone it's an excessive Zone
what's that supposed to mean will a
challenge arrive in little while
thinking of this luu quickly adjusted
his State as the boat moves along at a
leisurely Pace a stone tablet soon
surfaced on both sides there was no
longer an inscription on it but a
strange line what did it mean luu
couldn't read or
participate but this was the stone
tablet of the eighth floor and it
definitely wouldn't appear here without
any
significance l didn't think much about
it and hurriedly sat down on his knees
carefully sensing these marvelous lines
in the meantime The tyu Immortal cell
and tyu defc of dharmadam once again
began to operate slowly after a long
time the Mist was once again lifted
allowing luu to see the truth behind
these lines so so chapter 122 true me
false me sword breaks the ninth Level
under the Dual effects of the tiue
immortal cell and the tiue diffractive
Dharma pill
originally it might have taken hours if
not longer to have a little bit of an
epiphany for example the seed God Clan
cic after he broke through to the eighth
floor and referenced these stone tablets
he only made slight progress and became
slightly stronger but at this moment luu
entered the mode of Enlightenment as
soon as he came up he understands Behind
These seemingly simple lines lies the
true meaning that goes straight to the
source there should be 128 stone tablets
corresponding to the 128 inscriptions
that luu had mastered these stone
tablets have marvelous lines on them
some of them are dragon flying some of
them are strong and powerful and some of
them are as if a child has just begun to
write crooked and planted but without
exception each line had an ineffable
subtlety they were the fundamentals of
inscriptions as opposed to the tum of
inscriptions these lines need to be
better
understood they go straight to the
source it can be described as an Avenue
of
Simplicity as long as the nature of
those 128 inscriptions is fully
understood it's almost a matter of tying
them together again these liths
providing such a path to me looking at a
line in front of him luu's heart was
shaken he couldn't help but turn his
head and look at the faceless ston man
big brother can you hold up
slower although the stone tablet was
good it took time to realize it
unfortunately the faceless Stone Man
simply ignored him and continued to prop
up the boat on his own okay sure enough
there is no
communication luu no longer wasted any
more time and hurriedly began his
Enlightenment in just a moment luu was
completely
mesmerized he constantly compared and
analyzed this one marvelous line with
the inscriptions he had mastered in an
effort to understand the essence of the
inscriptions from it to use a simple
analogy to describe it that is the
previous luu who could only talk but was
an illiterate person person did not know
how words should be read or written not
knowing words certainly does not affect
verbal
communication but trying to read That's
naturally
impossible and at the moment as luu
contined to understand the true meaning
of these
inscriptions it was equivalent to
starting to read and write
unfortunately these true
intentions only remain among these stone
tablets there's no way to rely on
gulping it down and understanding it
later
otherwise relying on the unforgettable
talent that Lu you possessed he was
completely able to memorize these lines
and slowly refer to them for
understanding later including that
monolith on the seventh floor the same
thing applies but it's clear that it's
not possible even if you write it down
you will only get the shape but not the
meaning as if you have lost your soul
is this perhaps the special nature of
the tow the boat moves forward at a
leisurely Pace Lou you kept on
comprehending the more he
enumerated the more he felt that behind
this seemingly simple line it was simply
unfathomable each line contains the
truth of the Dao the essence of The Da
even if the tyu imortal cells in tiue
defra of daradan were constantly
operating luu was unable to fully comp
comprehend them he vaguely had this
feeling that if he could comprehend the
essence of this da the truth of this da
he himself might be able to touch the
edge of the rules when you step into the
rules you are a marshall King of the
eighth realm this is the realm above the
Dharma body the Dharma phase and the
realm with luu's current level even just
touching the edge of the rules was
basically impossible
after all he hadn't even deduced the
Dharma body to the extreme this would be
like trying to reach heaven in one step
directly grasping the truth of The Da
the essence of the Dao which was
tantamount to a Fool's Dream It's like
just starting to learn to read and write
and you want to understand the nature of
words and then create a new writing
system it's too
anticlimactic and there there are times
when it's not a good thing to take too
big a step luu also knew this and
proceeded with his Enlightenment step by
step I don't know how much time has
passed when the monoliths had been seen
the boat suddenly stopped there was a
shallow Beach not far away on top of
that shallow Beach there was such a
figure with his feet on white Jade wind
in fire Wheels he held a second order
alloy long sword his eyes proud and his
face
indifferent this is the end of the
eighth floor on this level there was
only one opponent for
luu that is himself Lu looked at the
person in front of him with
surprise and was a bit offended you guy
why do you look even more draggy than me
walking to the shallows For Eyes facing
each other Frozen for a moment without
the slightest hesitation luu directly
out of the sword P Luman sword light at
the instant luu had sent out his sword
he not far away had sent out his sword
at almost the same time and it was
clearly also extreme luminescent sword
light this sword is not inferior to luu
and the two swords Collide and are
evenly matched luu frowned and struck
his sword again Red Dust sword technique
who knew that the opposite side also had
the red dust sword technique when they
raised their swords luu was bewildered
for a split second and directly broke
through the illusion and killed again
pull
Punisher at the same time the guy raised
his hand and also pull exorcise the
devil both the movements of the moves
and their power were almost exactly the
same luu was a bit
dumbfounded it's the same guy can't
break the move nope this guy is just a
fake there's absolutely no way it's
exactly the same definitely have a
chance to win it luu struck his sword
again pull sword prison sure enough as
luu expected there was still something
different
unfortunately it was the exact opposite
result this move sword prison this fak's
completion level was actually higher
than luu's
hell no luu was only on the verge of
mastering it and hadn't fully mastered
it yet but this guy he had actually
fully mastered it luu was a little
taught the opposite side of this fake
actually opened up complete whole sword
prison against incomplete sword prison
but in the twinkling of an eye luu had
already fallen into the wind and looked
to be defeated
it was the first time he had encountered
such a strong enemy since he broke into
the second realm reincarnation Tower
trouble trouble and so on just for a
moment luu suddenly
reacted since the opposite party could
use a complete sword prison that meant
that the current him could do the
same understanding this luu squinted his
eyes and carefully observed the many
details of his opponent's sword prison
he constant ly Drew on these details as
a means of perfecting his own sword
prison on the verge of defeat luu
finally made a breakthrough and fully
mastered the sword prison this time the
two sides were once again on equal
footing it's just that it's still hard
to beat this guy but not
impossible luu recalled the true meaning
of the inscriptions that he had
previously
comprehended and began to try to make a
breakthrough on the
battlefield linking those complex
inscriptions to each other luu's
thoughts were simple since I as I am now
can't defeat this fake then if I become
a little stronger I will be able to
defeat him half an hour later luu
managed to string together 54
inscriptions and killed the fake in
front of him with a single sword he was
panting heavily covered in wounds and
could be considered extraordinary narly
wretched but it was a win after all luu
raised his head to look at the ninth
level's Heavenly gate at the moment this
gate which is slowly opening does not
need to be cut open with a sword luu
didn't think much and stepped directly
into the ninth floor in the
meantime Outside The Reincarnation Tower
information about luu is updated again
he was still in first place as well only
the current
tier however had come from the eighth
tier to the ninth tier this update of
information is
unremarkable at first no Heavenly Pride
noticed that was until one of the Fay
was idly bored and took a look at luu's
message and then just stay on the spot
hauh did I read that right the number
one ranked luu is currently on the ninth
floor this
is absolutely amazing news chapter 123
Lord of 138 planets Master shonza stood
apprehensively not far from Lu Chang
xang his expression somewhat ugly they
don't agree Lu Chang xang glanced at
Chong's face and said
indifferently this matter is indeed
Troublesome however it must be pushed
forward in the end there has to be a way
to discuss it a result to come out when
zonza heard this he couldn't help but
let out a bitter smile and said no
master the great clans of diaa all
agreed to accept those vassals in small
countries after
deliberation thus promoting the great
unification of the human race oh Lu
changing wasn't surprised to hear this
and continue to ask then what about the
price what they mean is that those Dash
vassels as well as many small countries
will be merged into
Dasha which is certainly possible but
Shu Gonza wanted to say but there's no
harm in saying it Lu Chang xang lanced
at him but Dash Gonza clenched his teeth
but still
continued 138 of these living planets
have to be divided under the name of
Junior brother luu so that he can become
the master of these 138 planets with
those words the temperature in the room
instantly dropped to freezing point Lu
changing narrowed his eyes slightly and
faintly asked are they thinking I'm old
although Lu Chang xang also
understood the art of politics is the
art of trade-offs and
compromises but the idea of these people
already has a way of taking death zonza
felt his master's anger and was so
frightened that he almost prostrated
himself on the ground he said with an
ugly expression on his face what the
great SE great Clans mean is that Junior
Senior brother's Talent is so impressive
that his future is bound to be unlimited
and more than likely he will be heading
towards the path of becoming a saint and
that would essential need to go through
battles and tribulations these 138
planets are the testimonies to his path
to becoming a saint they think that by
saying such kind words they can just
gloss over it Lu Chang xang sneered
jonza swallowed his saliva and continued
they also said that these 138 planets
just hanging on the head of the young
Master you can also be in
charge and perhaps sometime in the
future and then let the young Master to
go over is not too late that's a lot of
people Jord Gonza didn't name any of the
families but said many people this is
indeed what many people mean allowing
luu to become the Lord of those 138
planets and allowing the son of the
Marshall Saint with an unlimited future
to take on more and more responsibility
in the future were the aims and thoughts
of these people 138 Planet Lords may
seem scenic but these places are not the
rich Dasha life planets taking them over
means taking on
responsibilities in the
future that would otherwise not be
necessary this made Lu chonging a bit
unhappy in his opinion Lu you didn't
have to be so tired there's no need to
carry the entire human community on your
back as you do this is just too much not
to mention he's still so young but these
families did not back down their
attitude is clear even if he faced the
wrath of Marshall St L changing directly
as a result he would not hesitate to do
so at this moment Lu Ching's
dissatisfaction was like a volcano about
to erupt jonza trembled with fear not
daring to utter a single breath after a
long time Lu Chang xang spoke coldly I
often say that those who don't plan for
the world are not enough to plan for a
moment those who don't plan for the
whole situation are not enough to plan
for a region maybe it's the fact that
I'm constantly looking out for the big
picture that gives these people the
illusion that I'm not going to race the
table at these words jonza raised his
head he knew that some people were going
down this time they had gone too far
even trying to count on the junor
brother which had touched the Master's
scales right at this moment Bay yuyo
suddenly burst in with gusto in the
middle of a
conversation BYU ya froze for a moment
when she saw the there was something
wrong with the
atmosphere is something wrong Lu chaning
forced a smile and opened his mouth to
ask little luu he broke through to the
ninth floor by yuyo spoke
hm even Lu Chang Chang froze for a
moment when he heard this the ninth
floor zonza on the side couldn't help
but widen his eyes and exclaimed the
ninth layer Junior brother he really has
the stature of a marshall saint that's
natural by yuyo said with a smile to be
honest I didn't expect that he would be
able to break through to the ninth floor
right if you guys are talking about
things I'll take my leave aha Lu Chang
xang nodded his mood was a little subtle
breaking into the ninth layer which
means that luu has the potential to
break through the 10th realm in this way
originally these planets which are
considered unnecessary burdens have now
turned into an excellent aid for
breaking through the 10th realm you go
and tell them that I will consider this
matter and
moreover ask little luu what he thinks
Lu Chang xang said instead whether or
not he wants to become the master of
these 138 planets depends on his
decision in addition if luu
agrees then these families must give
assistance to help build these planets
for the future of the 10 realms they
must do their part hearing this zonza
couldn't help but stare since Master
said this it means that he has already
agreed to it and he only needs little
brother to nod his head all right Master
I'll convey it jonga about his head and
said
subsequently Lu Chang Chang instructed a
few more words after jonza left Lu
changing shook his head his Expressions
somewhat
complicated one by one 2 by two they are
all like this only knowing how to
calculate the immediate not knowing what
the big picture is that's a really good
point about little luu how can you
govern a country with such a bunch of
bug
Bears however if luu wants to break
through the 10th realm in the future
then he must Devour the civilization
flames of the foreign races and kill the
evil Gods thus proving his own da
becoming the master of these planets is
not a bad choice
originally I didn't want him to carry
too much I didn't want him to live a
life that was too
tiring However the fact that he was able
to break through to the ninth floor
shows that he has the stature of a
marshall Saint if a second 10 realm
Marshall Saint truly appears then
everything will be different saying so
Lu changing SI cuden T help but show
some
anticipation all races are surrounded by
powerful enemies and the human race is
surrounded by enemies on its back
although the human race is strong enough
now but he knew very well that it
wouldn't last long before you fall a
second person must step up what when
Rock God Clan's Rock Central fire heard
the news his eyes stared like bronze
Bells with a look of
disbelief those other Heavenly Prides
they haven't even arrived at the eighth
floor yet and he's already broken
through to the ninth floor ever since L
youu defeated himself fire in the Rock
had always treated luu as a Target to
catch up with however he did not want to
luu directly rode the dust not to
mention catching up at the moment even
look up to be unable to see in the
ancient legends of the Rock God Clan any
Intruder who steps into the ninth floor
of The Reincarnation Tower is expected
to achieve a 10rm true God and there are
more or less similar Rumors in other
communities almost all of the celestial
Pride were clear about what arriving at
the ninth floor actually meant as the
news spreads quickly the Expressions on
the faces of many Heavenly Prides major
demons and countless other powerful
people were nothing short of brilliant
in the past few days the back pain
disease almost cannot straighten up
write a chapter needs a long time three
chapters is already the limit
temporarily no way to add more wait for
the next month the body bone is better
and then add more for everyone chapter
124 the law of Heaven and the image of
the earth that cute little guy back then
was able to break through to the eighth
floor in the second realm reincarnation
Tower ranking first among the 10,000
races in the
universe it's
unbelievable how long has it been since
then and he's become so strong in the
elf clan spaceship the elf Clan's young
girl Amish sha couldn't help but Marvel
the blond-haired teenager on the side
when he heard this had an odd look on
his face what's wrong you've got this
look on your face because you can't hear
me praising someone else's goodness
Amisha asked with a smile sister it's
not the blonde teenager shook her head
wanting to speak just say what you want
to say Amisha glanced at him this human
that sister is talking about just now he
broke through to the ninth floor of The
Reincarnation Tower the blond-haired
teenager spoke with a complicated
expression ha hearing this Aisha's
entire body froze as she stared at the
blonde teenager with
disbelief her expression filled with
astonishment
impossible do you know what the ninth
floor
represents true or false
won't you know if you go and see sister
the blonde teenager said with a bitter
smile Amisha didn't say anything and
hastily checked the ranking of the wheel
Tower the first place is still
luu however his current tier without
realizing it had changed from the eighth
tier to the ninth tier it's really the
ninth floor looking at the screen in
front of her amish's eyes were filled
with horror if she had only broken
through to the eighth floor and ranked
first among the 10,000 Clans she could
still smile and praise the little
brother she had bumped into at the
beginning but he was already so strong
but the ninth layer it meant another
Marshall Saints posture but he could no
longer
laugh this is big news the ninth floor
surprisingly true something's wrong
could it be that the human race is going
to produce another Marshall Saint
impossible absolutely impossible two
Marshall Saints from one clan what a
joke report this news quickly the news
of luu's breakthrough to the ninth layer
was like a wildfire starting a prairie
fire spreading
rapidly whether it was a Heavenly Pride
or a powerful person their expressions
at this moment were all quite wonderful
and while these foreigners were confused
luu had already stepped into the ninth
floor ninth floor the highest point of
the Wheeling Tower it's freezing out
here the wind was howling more than a
little and there were particles of ice
in the wind that slapped haphazardly at
his face luu frowned and looked around
the sky and the Earth were gray the
temperature here was extremely low and
even though L you had already broken
into the second realm he could still
feel the piercing cold amidst the wind
and snow in the distance a blurry figure
was located between Heaven and Earth
just then the figure slowly stepped out
he wore ancient armor and carried a
walking Lance in his hand just like a
respectfully armored warrior with every
step he took the ground which was frozen
into ice collapsed downward by one point
as the other party continued to approach
luu's expression gradually became grave
as he subconsciously gripped the long
sword in his hand this opponent is not
simple 100% would be tougher than
himself on the eighth floor I really
didn't expect this ninth level and there
is no preparation and rest time a boss
fight right off the bat exciting luu's
eyes were fixed on the figure that kept
approaching and there wasn't the
slightest bit of fear in his eyes
instead he was leaping with the
intention of battle he knew very well
that even his own old man had been
thwarted at the ninth floor and he was
more than likely hanging on as well but
so what even if you know you're not
going to be able to beat them you still
have to battle it out as the figure
slowly approached he spoke
I've been sleeping here for 30 million
years and finally a challenger has come
I hope you please me with that said the
heavily armored Warrior slowly opened
his eyes the moment he saw luu a trace
of consternation clearly flowed under
the mask of That Hideous Beast face
obviously even he did not expect that
this time the Intruder even I can't
believe how small it is how old are you
just to break in here is the new
Reincarnation of the human race even so
anticlimactic after a brief moment of
confusion the heavily armored Warrior
spoke again and asked what is your name
my name is luu and you luu opened his
mouth me my name is the heavily armored
Warrior was silent for a long time
seemingly pondering the question and
only after a long time did he speak up
and answer my name is which horse you on
which horse you won hearing this luu
asked
curiously can I ask just how many
reincarnations ago did you come from
can't remember which horse you on shook
his head this is just a sliver of my
Divine Soul
Detachment with limited strength and
limited memory
seeing that the other party was very
communicative luu gave an inch and
continued to ask then if I want to
become the Lord of The Reincarnation
Tower what should I do as soon as these
words came out which horse you on
obviously froze for a moment and then
looked at luu with incredulous eyes
clearly stunned by the question Lord of
The Reincarnation Tower wuan said in an
odd tone you kid you really dare to
think Lu you certainly knew that his
question was too
Whimsical but if you can't even dream
about it you're too chicken to do it he
looked up and
continued no no it's okay woto said what
should I do Lu you continued to ask I
don't know which horse you on slowly
shook his head L you what the hell even
you don't know you can defeat me first
if you can't even defeat me let alone
become the Lord of The Reincarnation
Tower wuan raised the stepping Lance in
his hand I'll give you a chance to make
the first move Dash the implication was
that if he made the first move Lu you
would not stand a chance hear that
without the slightest hesitation luu
swung his sword out pull sword prison
the completely mastered sword prison was
like a small domain that instantly
enveloped which horse you on in an
instant countless tiny sword lights from
all directions chopped towards which
horse you on
results before they could get close they
were all bounced off which horse Yuan
slowly raised his head and said
indifferently
this move there is something interesting
about it is this simulating the realm
using this move at the second realm no
wonder you were able to break all the
way here but it's not enough to beat me
watch my attack and feel it well saying
so which horse youan slowly raised the
weapon in his hand and his entire
persons both form and momentum continue
to
Skyrocket just just in an instant what
was in front of luu's eyes was no longer
a uniformed
Warrior instead it was a behemoth that
looked like Tarzan his body towered over
the others and he couldn't be seen at a
glance luu raised his head in shock and
could only barely see one of his thighs
hell no the extreme sword prison that
luu had fully Gras could contain up to
100 ft in a square but now it was not
even comparable to a thigh of someone
else Dharma Heaven and Earth above the
Dharma body the Dharma phase Dharma of
Heaven phase of Earth this is only the
second floor of The Reincarnation Tower
ah who can break through the ninth floor
here chapter 125 surprises at every turn
the Towering giant not just a big guy
with a strong
exterior had risen more than a thousand
times in both strength and defense
even if it was just a simple kick there
was a shaking of the ground which was a
pure difference in strength it was no
exaggeration to say that even if the
extreme sword prison was on fire it
would still be difficult to scrape off a
layer of someone's skin no wonder which
horse youan said that he would give luu
the chance to make the first move if
which horse youan made the first move
then Lu you would not even have the last
chance the difficulty of this ninth
layer is really
exaggerated luu stared blankly at the
Behemoth in front of him this kind of
phallic phase it should already be the
ultimate in phallic phallic phallic
phallic phallic phallic phallic phallic
phase right even if it's not
extreme it's still one of the best there
is also a difference between Dharma and
Dharma the difference was even greater
than the difference between a Dharma
phase and a Dharma body when he first
entered the Dharma Realm Lu you might be
able to resist for a moment or two with
his extreme sword prison but this
Behemoth in front of me just a foot down
is the earth as broken mountains and
rivers crumble the difference is too
great want to admit defeat the Towering
wit May youan looking down at luu who
seemed to be the size of an ant faintly
asked no luu raised his head with the
slightest bit of fear in his eyes as he
laughed out loud and said let me see how
powerful this peak Dharma phase of yours
is with his feet on the white Jade wind
in fire wheeel luu soared wildly in
midair the sword prison having been
temporarily
withdrawn and he raised the sharp sword
in his hand extreme demon Punisher the
speed of this sword was extremely fast
stabbing the giant almost instantly but
in which my yuan's opinion this was
nothing more than a mantis blocking a
vehicle and being self-defeating
Rumble there was a clap of thunder
coming from above luu looked up and saw
that it was actually a large hand that
had directly swung out in a Sonic Boom
because it was too fast boo just like
swatting a fly in just an instant luu
was swatted and even though he did his
best to resist there was still no room
for resistance the tremendous wind
pressure created by that terrifying
speed pressed him dead center in his
palm soon he was slapped out of the air
directly smashing towards a distant
mountain peak
Rumble a huge hole appears in the snowy
mountains ninth floor the break-in
failed luu opened his eyes at once and
couldn't help but open his mouth the
ninth floor that guy has the law of
Heaven and Earth how can this be beaten
when xia
wuan who was on the side heard this a
rare smile unexpectedly appeared on his
face as he slowly said it's normal for
you to lose Dharma phase in total is
divided into nine Realms the first to
the third weight is the stage of going
from the virtual to the real the fourth
to the sixth weight is the stage of the
increase of the Dharma phase and the
seventh to the ninth weight is the stage
of the Dharma Heaven and Earth the
guardian of the ninth floor should be at
the ninth level of the Dharma phase with
this kind of strength it's naturally
impossible for you to be an opponent but
you've already far exceeded my
expectations by being able to break
through to the ninth floor it had to be
said that this time luu was truly
unexpected and impressive hearing
Master's words the original bad mood
from the failure got a lot better
that's natural luu hamen haod I'm a
future sword Saint so breaking through
to the ninth floor won't be a breeze you
know what Xiao wuan smiled whom luu
looked at his master among the 10,000
races of the universe there has always
been such a legend
circulating xia wuan slowly said but any
Heavenly Pride that breaks through to
the ninth floor of The Reincarnation
Tower is an existence that is expected
to achieve the 10th realm oh luu's eyes
lit up once again when he heard this he
really hadn't heard of such a statement
the fact that you were able to break
through to the ninth floor also means
that you have the potential to do so
this is great Xiao wuan
continued but Lu you heard something in
Xiao when you's
words however precisely because of this
the universe is 10,000 races I'm afraid
that their attention towards you is
going to rise countless levels Joan Yuan
stared at luu and said word by word they
definitely won't wish that the human
race would produce another 10 realm
Marshall Saint so even at all costs and
consequences they will have to stifle
you before you grow up next I'm afraid
that both your situation and the human
Race's situation will be very
unpleasant when these words came out luu
only felt a chill on his back this
journey to break through the barrier was
truly a sight to behold not only topping
the first of the 10,000 races of the
universe but also being the first to
kill to the ninth floor of the second
realm reincarnation Tower in 30 million
years without a doubt this time luu was
completely famous his name could be
heard like thunder among those foreign
rac's Heavenly Prides among the 10 ,000
races in the universe it was even more
famous becoming the talk of one
civilized Group after another I believe
that for the next long period of time
luu of the human race would be a Hot
Topic before that he didn't have a good
reputation at all one and all said that
he was the Crown Prince of the human
race arrogant and domineering and used
to playing with the rules recklessly by
virtue of the honor of his status
in those days this story of the old
man's hero and his son's was a
popular one many of the foreign races
were lamenting that the human Marshall
Saint had given birth to such an
son how long has it been luu's
reputation directly came to a two-level
reversal all the way up in a Flash
became the human Race's second future
Marshall Saint only even if luu's Fame
was great it was only Fame
anymore he was just a genius that had
yet to grow up a genius that could be
strangled in the Cradle extremely easily
jaaan yuan's words directly caused luu
who was about to float up to be pulled
back to reality at once Master's words I
must say made sense as the saying goes
if the wood shows in the forest the wind
will destroy it what's more the human
race is still the Public Enemy of all
Races this time luu had indeed rushed
very high but The Reincarnation Tower
which was nothing more than a trial for
geniuses decided nothing at all
instead he had exposed himself to the
Gaze of the 10,000 races of the universe
it's hard not to get a little stressed
when you think about it like that
after a while luu raised his head and
said
seriously
Master you have some sense only as the
son of a marshal Saint I am supposed to
be in the Limelight unless I keep doing
nothing
otherwise one day I'll still have to go
this far breaking into the reincarnation
Tower nowadays is just accelerating the
process ahead of time it's stressful and
equally motivating the strongest of the
10,000 Clans don't want a second
Marshall Saint to appear in the human
Clan then I'm going to become one for
them hearing such words jawanan looked
at luu's firm eyes and could not help
but be a little surprised he really did
not expect that this could not scare luu
this kid what a surprise at every turn
xia wanan nodded and continued to speak
since you've already broken through to
the ninth floor
there's no doubt that you're the first
in the second realm reincarnation Tower
next just wait for a few days and you'll
get a supreme
treasure however there is another
question are you going to break into the
three Realms reincarnation Tower chapter
126 the most precious Treasure Dragon
Scale battle armor do we have to break
into the three Realms reincarnation
Tower again hearing this question luu
couldn't help but FOH is his brows if he
started frantically raising his realm
now he should be able to barely catch up
by the time the three Realms
reincarnation Tower was almost over for
luu who had mastered 128
inscriptions the bottleneck in the early
realm was almost equivalent to nothing
it was nothing more than water polishing
and he could keep improving by slowly
polishing but the thing is this is
obviously not a wise choice forcibly
raising the realm would lead to an
unstable
Foundation this is a big no no for
martial artists Flesh and Blood sinus
and Bones refining the organs replacing
the blood the foundation of each of
these four Realms is quite important luu
had just broken through the blood and
flesh realm and had only begun to temper
his muscles and Bones the tendons and
veins were okay to quench but forging
the bones was not easy to get
the bones of the whole body including
the skull which needed to be repeatedly
beaten after one succeeded in forging
the bones one could certainly break
through directly to the viscer refining
realm but the vast majority of aspiring
martial artists would not choose to do
so and would instead stay at the second
realm and continue to raise the level of
bone forging copper bone iron bone steel
bone Adam manting bone and even the
final return of Jade bone this process
of cultivation is very tedious luu could
forcefully break through to the Third
Realm and then get a top ranking by
virtue of his Mastery of
inscriptions but that would be the
opposite of falling short with an
unstable
Foundation there are bound to be hidden
dangers in the future does it mean that
the foundation will have to be destroyed
and rebuilt later the way of the martial
artist it's always been a one-way Street
what kind of backtracking is that with
this thought luu shook his head and said
seriously master I won't go to the three
Realms reincarnation Tower to join in
the fun there's no need to forcefully
Elevate the realm laying a good
foundation is the top priority to say a
word about versailes he didn't La this
point of supreme treasure getting his
hands on two of them was already enough
after being out for so long it's time to
take a trip back hearing this xia wuan
slowly nodded good regarding this issue
in fact xia wuan had already decided
that even if luu wanted to break in he
would stop him not realizing that the
little guy was not greedy at all master
I'm going to go to the quiet room to
cultivate first to summarize the gains
of this time luu opened his mouth and
said go xia wuan waved his hand in the
quiet room luu sat cross-legged the huge
phallic figure flashed continuously in
his mind Dharma body Dharma phase the
difference between one word and the
other is a world of difference in power
in
mythology the law of the heavens is a
divine power
it was still an unteachable aptitude you
can only rely on yourself to realize it
the law of Heaven and the law of Earth
also known as the law of Heaven and
Earth in this world Dharma Heaven and
Earth is the extreme of the Dharma realm
in the midst of his continuous
Enlightenment an aura suddenly flashed
through luu's mind the aura flickered
and could not be caught whom what's that
in this instant The tisue Immortal cells
within luu's body the tisue diffractive
daradan instantly
operated allowing luu to capture that
bit of Aura once again I see
gradually luu gained some clarity and he
finally understood where the
fundamentals of the Dharma phase lay
Dharma phases are derived from Dharma
bodies and are likewise Inseparable from
inscriptions the fundamentals of the
fantasm came from the fusion of
inscriptions when luu was at the seventh
level of the second realm the huge Stone
tablet he saw was clearly a fusion
inscription Lu you thought back to the
huge stone monument and then tried to
think back to the Heavenly Phantom there
was such a Harmony between the two
beyond that theirs when luu entered
seclusion once again time passed day by
day these days
luu's
reputation without a doubt spread
rapidly amongst the 10,000 races of the
universe as the second realm
reincarnation Tower was about to end
there was finally a Heavenly Pride that
had broken through to the eighth floor
originally this eighth layer should have
been the result that made countless
Heavenly Prides look up to the undoubted
first place but now in front of luu's
ninth layer of achievement it was dull
and the light was all snatched away that
stopped at the eighth floor of the
Heavenly Pride at this moment is even
more skeptical face this defeated my
other me so much stronger than me CH
physical strength is even more
unlimited this how to win how did luu
break into the ninth floor with the end
of the second realm reincarnation Tower
luu unquestionably got the first place
in the meantime
he also woke up in seclusion the second
realm reincarnation tower has been
automatically closed Challenger luu you
have taken the first place in the
overall ranking
congratulations Challenger luu you have
obtained the most precious Treasure
Dragon Scale war armor seeing the words
on the light screen in front of him Lou
you couldn't help but be delighted it
was actually a defense type Supreme
treasure
earlier he was still eyeing that Supreme
armor of
cix I didn't expect to get one for
myself in the blink of an eye Lu you
hurriedly checked the details Treasure
Dragon Scale war armor rank second K Gro
quality excellent type defense
equipment effects after wearing can
greatly increase the defense ability in
addition there is a certain degree of
unloading effect at the same time for
the Thunder water attribute attack has
excellent damage reduction effect at the
same time increase a certain degree of
Thunder water attribute attack effect
description the Flying Dragon leaves the
sky and follows the clouds into the
abyss the submerged dragon is in the
abyss and follows the clouds up to the
sky although it is not crafted with real
dragon scales it is still a rare
treasure luu's eyes lit up as he looked
at the string of descriptions in front
of him no doubt about it good stuff
absolutely great stuff
moreover the Supreme treasure obtained
by the first place winner of this second
realm reincarnation Tower was obviously
quite a bit better than the Supreme
treasure obtained by the first place
winner of the first realm the same as a
supreme treasure and there are gaps luu
spread out his palms and gently patted
his chest
in this instant the Supreme Treasure
Dragon Scale battle armor directly
appeared on his body it automatically
adapted to the size of luu's body and
did not appear ill-fitting on the battle
armor a piece of dragon scale was neatly
arranged the edges as smooth as a mirror
transmitting a faint luster wearing it
on his body at the moment it didn't look
cumbersome at all and as his arm swung
it looked extraordinarily powerful and
domineering in the shoulder armor
position a dragon's head is used as
decoration as if it could come to life
in the next second luu took two steps
left and right and the crisp sound of
dragon scale armor clashing made him
extraordinarily fond of it
nice that was great luu looked left and
right and in the end he even came in
front of the mirror and stunk for a long
time before walking out of the quiet
room inside the restaurant Xiao Jing saw
Liu walking and was just about to greet
him when he saw the dazzling dragon
scale battle armor on his body and
couldn't help but widen his eyes this
this battle armor is luu turned around
so that Xiao Jing could see the full
details and couldn't help but smile this
is the dragon scale battle armor a
supreme treasure that I just acquired
not bad right
Jing couldn't help but exclaim more than
good this is simply too handsome awesome
hearing this luu smiled and nodded great
he's already looking forward to the next
banquet get together chapter 127 Master
Master's great deal heavy treasure set
as the saying goes not returning to
one's Hometown when one is rich is like
traveling in brocade at night Lu you
broke into The Reincarnation Tower this
time first second then first with two
supreme Treasures right out of the gate
this has to be
flaunted life would be a lot less fun if
people couldn't pretend thinking this
way luu feasted in the dining room and
ran all the way to the room where his
master was
meditating
master master come and see hearing luu's
yelling voice jaia wuan couldn't help
but Furrow his brows and open his eyes
to look at this somewhat noisy disciple
what's wrong
Master look is this supreme treasure
battle armor of mine handsome Lou you
showed off in front of his
master not bad Xiao wuan nodded and gave
such a pertinent
evaluation just okay Lou you couldn't
help but ask whom jaia wuan faintly
answered
on the way to achieving Marshall Emperor
how many great storms and waves had been
broken through his eyesight was
naturally
extraordinary although this dragon scale
battle armor was good it hadn't reached
the point where he was amazed all right
luu nodded
helplessly then suddenly opened his
mouth and asked however Master don't you
feel that something is missing whom
what do you think is missing xiaan Yuan
narrowed his eyes at luu he knew that
this kid had nothing to do and must have
something to come over to offer luu felt
that his mind was seen through he was a
bit embarrassed but since he was
embarrassed he couldn't get nothing he
smiled and said Master just a dragon
scale battle armor with my clothes it's
a bit too strange if it can match with
the whole set then it would be even
better right now it's still missing the
lower garment the boots the lacing and
without waiting for luu to finish jaia
wuan glanced at him you're really
thinking beautifully this kind of
supreme treasure is an idol for me where
am I going to get you so many Supreme
Treasures luu froze for a moment it was
a big shock for a while
it's not he just wanted a whole set to
go with it who would have thought that
Master was planning to give him the
entire Supreme treasure set is this the
sword Emperor's
handiwork it was horrible as hell luu
hurriedly said no need for a supreme
treasure second or third rank will do
and it's good enough to go with this
dragon scale battle armor of mine xia
wuan slowly shook his head if it's not a
supreme
treasure how can it match your dragon
scale battle armor you can tell the
difference almost at a glance and that
makes it look even more Awkward Lu youu
jawanan furrowed his brows and pondered
for a long time before speaking I don't
have that many Supreme Treasures but I
still have heavy Treasures so I can
barely put together a set for you heavy
Treasures paired with Supreme Treasures
isn't a disgrace even those martiall
tempers are paired like this luu froze
for a moment heavy treasure xiaan Yuan
nodded and said the so-called heavy
treasure is slightly worse than a
supreme treasure the great is probably
around the seventh to eighth Rank and
it's just right to use it with this
dragon scale battle armor of yours luu
couldn't help but open his mouth when he
heard this to be honest he hadn't really
thought that his master would be so
generous his initial thought was simple
it would be enough to have his master
give him a second and third order set to
go with a set this is nothing to the
master as a result now when he made a
move it was a few heavy
Treasures making him a little
embarrassed as if he was knocking the
Master's bamboo bar jaia wuan glanced at
luu reading his mind in a Flash and
asked
indifferently do you think that I can
give away Rags of the second or third
rank how could I possibly collect those
Rags the reasoning was indeed this luu
nodded and said with some
embarrassment however Master this is too
much of a break deciple doesn't have any
Merit how can I dare to receive such an
expensive gift xia wuan shook his head
you got the second place in The
Reincarnation Tower in a row as well as
the first place
and established a great reputation for
the human race this is already a
Heavenly feat how can I as a master not
show it
moreover it's just a few heavy Treasures
to those grand Masters and Marshall
Kings they might be Treasures but to me
it's actually nothing you don't have to
feel
embarrassed since I decided to give it
to you then you can accept it
graciously why make such a squirming
gesture okay Lou Lou you listen to these
words no longer
squirming and readily
accepted there may be no way to repay
the Master's favor anytime soon but in
the near future he would find a way to
repay
perhaps Master had been so kind to him
teaching him the way of the sword to the
best of his ability never expecting
anything in return but while the master
did not take these to Heart luu could
not help but take them to heart in order
to match the Supreme Treasure Dragon
Scale battle armor xiaan Yuan gave a
total of five heavy Treasures tops
bottoms combat boots lacing and
crowns but heavy Treasures of the
seventh or eighth rank could could not
be used by luu at all it's like a
three-year-old with an AK even if they
pull the trigger with all their might
The Recoil alone can injure them
therefore in order for luu to better
utilize these heavy Treasures jawanan
had imposed a layer of seals on these
heavy treasures and as luu continued to
grow stronger these seals would
gradually be lifted the effect is
definitely not as good as the growth
Treasure of the reincar ation Tower but
it's not too far off wearing a dragon
scale battle armor stepping on a white
Jade Wind and Fire wheel and holding a
jly Shen Chang sword along with this set
of heavy Treasures he was simply armed
to the teeth cool it's just too handsome
Xiao Jing was so envious that he
couldn't speak when he saw luu's
Ensemble but he also had the
self-awareness to not ask his old man
for this equipment
after all luu got the second of the
first realm reincarnation Tower and the
first of the second realm reincarnation
Tower spreading the human's Hefty
reputation throughout the Universe it's
normal to have these rewards for this
kind of Merit this kind of Honor
compared to luu he was practically
worthless so what face did he have to
ask for the same treatment only he was
really envious so envious luu naturally
saw the look in Xiao Jing's eyes which
if he still couldn't see it he would be
too stupid want to wear it luu asked
with a smile as he turned back ha Xiao
Jing froze for a moment when he heard
this don't you want to give it a try luu
asked again Xiao Jing really didn't
expect that Lu you would say that he
hesitated for a while before he asked
apprehensively is it really
possible of course luu nodded Xiao Jing
is at least the teacher's son he got
such a heavy treasure from the teacher
but he refused to even lend it to Xiao
Jing to wear for a bit that's too Petty
good good Xiao Jing nodded with some
excitement he was quite a bit taller
than
luu however Treasures of this level
would automatically change their size
after simply wearing it for a while jao
Jing hurriedly returned it to luu not
going to wear it again luu asked it's
already enough although Xiao Jing was
reluctant to part with it this thing
after all wasn't his own and being able
to try it on for a while was already
satisfying okay that whom Big Brother
thank you chapter 128 women what a
terrible thing Mom look look this dragon
scale battle armor this heavy treasure
top and heavy treasure bottom this
Tiara this lacing the boots and this
pair of white Jade Wind and Fire Wheels
Mighty isn't it awesome after returning
home
luu proudly showed off in front of bayu
ya as the saying goes people rely on
clothes and horses rely on Saddles
originally a small one luu looks quite
inconspicuous it is easy to be
despised now that this set of heavy
Treasures was paired with a supreme
treasure it was immediately different
and even though it was still a tiny one
it gave off a feeling that could not be
ignored by Yu was
dumbstruck as an arch Mage the most
basic eyesight was still there two
supreme
Treasures five heavy treasures and these
five were also all extremely heavy
Treasures nope even the sword in luu's
hand was not a mortal object it should
be a heavy treasure as well nice guy
what a great guy with so many heavy
treasures and supreme Treasures even she
was a a bit hooted Awesome by Yu ya
smiled and nodded you're really
something this set is indeed Mighty to
the extreme that's natural luu Hamm and
haod very self-satisfied
but by yuyo suddenly turned her words
around whom luu suddenly had a bad
feeling when he heard this however
you're still too young so many Supreme
treasures and heavy Treasures placed on
your body are just too dangerous and too
easy for people to get read in the eyes
by yuyo said
seriously I'm the son of a marshall
Saint who dares to touch me Lu you
hurriedly spoke you can't think like
that it's like a child holding gold
through the downtown he who doesn't move
his mind is not a man a man is not
guilty of harboring a treasure not to
mention Grandmasters
with so many of your Treasures even
martial Emperors would be redyed when
they see them by yuyo said
seriously so all these Supreme and heavy
Treasures of yours hand them all over to
Mom for
safekeeping ha Lou you was
dumbfounded mom will manage it for you
first and when you grow up and become
stronger then I'll return it to you then
bayu ya opened her mouth with an
expression of doing it for your own good
I don't want it luu spoke in a hurry he
really never dreamed that in the house
of Marshall Saints the matter of mom
keeping your year-end money for you
would even occur this will never work
haha that's not up to you by yuyo said
with a smile then reached out and
grabbed luu like he was grabbing a
chicken luu was no longer the same as
luu back then and just by sidestepping
he dodged the scrab good boy you've got
hardened Wings haven't you a yuyo
reached out again her speed obviously
much faster luu's back was cold knowing
that it was not good his body's
inscriptions were running his speed
surged and he flashed violently bayu ya
once again grabbed an empty hand on the
premise of not utilizing the domain
as well as not injuring luu it really
wasn't that simple for bayu ya to catch
the current luu but BYU ya didn't mean
to get real either she didn't really
want to catch luu seeing luu run away in
a puff of smoke by Yu ya couldn't help
but laugh out loud this kid let's see if
you still dare to fool around in front
of me scare you to death why doesn't Lu
you show off in front of L Chan
because in front of the Marshall Saint
these two supreme Treasures a few heavy
Treasures or nothing at all but mom is
just a
Grandmaster so naturally it's better to
show off only luu clearly missed the
mark he never thought that his mom could
come up with a handful of safekeeping
tricks directly scared him to flee and
no longer dared to fool around and show
off
women what a terrible thing luu sighed
and couldn't help but mutter a hem just
then there was a cough from behind luu
hurriedly turned his head back only to
see that he didn't know when pops
appeared behind him dad luu's eyes lit
up and he shouted come here quickly Lu
Chang xang waved his hand this one of
yours it's quite decent did your master
match it to you aha Lou you nodded he's
hemorrhaging money these heavy Treasures
they're all top quality heavy Treasures
all of them of the eighth rank not a
single heavy Treasure of the seventh
rank Lu changing just glanced at them
moreover among the eighth rank heavy
Treasures they are also considered to be
of the very best
like this luu realized this as an
afterthought these Treasures were not
given by the system nor by The
Reincarnation Tower and they were also
sealed so luu did not know the exact
grade and the teacher did not say Sensei
is really generous an eighth rank heavy
treasure even for a ninth ranked Marshal
Emperor is a treasure Lu changing
touched luu's head said your teacher is
very good to you luu nodded no wonder I
just bragged about it over at my mom's
side and she actually wanted to keep
these Treasures for me when Li Chang
xang heard this he shook his head with
some amusement you brat but Mom is right
isn't it a bit too ostentatious for me
to wear such good clothes when I have so
little strength Lu you said after
thinking about it yes there is a little
bit it's fine in Blue Star if it's
somewhere else it's a different story Lu
Ching nodded and casually took out a
small dark blue bead and handed it over
this is for you what is this luu asked
curiously as he looked at the pretty
little bead illusion bead Lu Chang xang
said it can change the external form of
a supreme treasure or heavy treasure
while concealing the aura of the Supreme
treasure or heavy treasure treasure try
it Lu Chang Chang then said a few tips
and tricks Lu you tried it with the
movement of his mind the original
Supreme and heavy treasure suit suddenly
turned into their usual casual attire
and their Aura completely
disappeared it worked luu's eyes lit up
this is
convenient Lu Chang xang nodded in fact
changing the outer form and hiding the
breath
these Supreme and heavy Treasures would
have been able to do that however your
realm is too low and you are unable to
fully control these Supreme and heavy
Treasures which is why you need to
temporarily use the illusion be to do so
so Lu you nodded Lu changing thought for
a moment and said come with me I'll tell
you something good Lu you nodded
the duo soon arrived at a classical
architectural attic what you told me
before I've done for you inside the
attic Lu changing directly said all the
spies
basically have been caught most of them
are opportunistic people who secretly
leaked the live broadcast of your
breakthrough as a way to gain High
profits however some real spies were
also caught and many dirty and sorted
things were found out pulling these
people out reduces a lot of future
troubles so you've taken credit for it
in addition the matter of promoting the
great unification of the human race has
been deliberated to a result what the
major clans of the great siamin is that
if you are willing to become the master
of 138 of those planets they are willing
to push for a great unification of the
human race ha luu was a bit confused
chapter 129 Mission completion obtaining
the chinin treasure Pearl promote the
completion of the great unification of
the human race the difficulty of this
task is high if the resistance comes
from outside it's okay to address it
those small countries in the end the arm
cannot be used as a big leg a little use
of tactics not obedient to comply
however the resistance is from within
all along it is Dasha who is not willing
to take these small countries to play
treating others as boiling goats and
sheep and after utilizing them they will
give a slight fly in the ointment so in
order to accomplish this task Lu you
thought for a long time
results he's only just gotten back in
pops is telling him it's settled the
price is he becomes the master of 138
planets no what's the price seeing that
Lu you was confused Lu chong chong
continued perhaps you can't understand
let me give you a detailed
explanation louu
nodded
subsequently he also probably
understood what pops meant was that
these 138 living planets which were very
poorly located and had a rather harsh
environment and were constantly subject
to the threat of alien races were not a
benefit but rather a
liability once he took over these
planets he had to take on that
responsibility of course now that he was
still young he could not be held
responsible without having to go over
there for the time being but when he
grew up he would have to take
responsibility for these 138 planets 138
planetary Lords might have been Majestic
on the surface but in reality the
pressure was like a mountain or a sea
there are constant headaches of war and
if you don't carelessly fall to a planet
countless lives will be lost as a result
if the entire defense line collapsed at
that time not to mention his 138 planets
being in danger even the entire human
Frontier would be in crisis a burden of
this magnitude cannot be borne by the
average person it's
conceivable almost every day was spent
walking on thin ice and not seeing the
other side at all sure if luu didn't
want to he could also
refuse as the son of the Marshall Sage
he had the power to refuse and not take
the
responsibility luu listened to his old
man and understood the key it's him
who's thinking
simple but luu still raised his head I
am willing to become the Lord of these
138 planets you don't have to be in such
a hurry to agree Lu Chang Shing shook
his head you don't know how heavy this
responsibility really is you need to
think carefully before giving your
answer I've thought it through Lou you
said
seriously of course I know how great
this responsibility is
and that Ordinary People simply cannot
bear it but I am the son of a marshall
Saint and will be the second Marshal
Saint in the future so it is my due
obligation to share these
responsibilities for my father as the
son of a marshall Saint he stood at the
end of the line for others at Birth that
being the case it is only natural to
take on this
responsibility Lou you didn't think at
all that there was anything wrong with
that hearing this Lu changqing smiled
and nodded good truly worthy of being my
son the mission was
completed surprisingly simple luu did
almost nothing and it was successfully
completed by hugging his old man's thigh
alone also got 138 planets by accident
it's certainly a
responsibility but it's also a real
benefit all the same although it was
definitely a lot worse compared to those
Rich planets in Dasha but no matter what
it was at least a living planet in the
future if Lu you wanted to make a big
splash then these 138 planets were
considered the best rear base it has to
be built properly make a fortress of
Steel in the
meantime on the system
interface Mission prompts also appear
one after another the first stage of the
mission has been completed and the evil
beheading sword technique has been
issued the second stage of the mission
has been completed and the chenu and
treasure pearls have been issued evil
sword rank seventh quality perfect type
battle technique effect this is a sword
technique that specializes in
restraining the evil spirits category
and possesses a strange effect on the
evil spirits and psychic energy races
description it is rumored to have come
from the hands of the ancient evil
beheading toist priests and although the
grade is not too high the effect is
quite good if you make a move at a
critical time it may have an unexpected
effect the pearl of
chinin rank eighth quality
excellent type special item effect used
as a container it has an incomparably
vast space within it capable of
containing
mountains rivers lakes and
oceans description the treasure Pearl is
named after
chuin and is rumored to be able to
contain both Heaven and Earth the actual
effect is obviously not that good but
it's already quite good the only
drawback is that life forms cannot enter
it Lu looked at the rewards of this
Mission and his eyes lit up whe whether
it's the evil behing sword technique or
the chinin treasure bead it's all
relatively good especially the latter in
fact in this world there were similar
items and some Marshall Emperors who had
comprehended the rules of space would
create items such as spatial rings and
nacreous
bracelets however the materials that
could withand the space could be
absolutely
extraordinary this also leads to the
fact that these types of items
are very precious and the space that can
hold things is usually not particularly
large this chenu treasure Pearl which
could hold rivers lakes and seas how
terrifying was it the only drawback was
that it couldn't take in life forms
otherwise it would be its own little
world but that's normal if it could be
incorporated into life it would be at
least a ninth order Supreme treasure
beautifully pocketing the precious Pearl
luu immediately began the long-awaited
party inside the yagang Pavilion a high
octane group of people the crowd had a
good time with the wine
louu on the other hand was undoubtedly
the center of attention at this moment
he was talking about breaking into the
reincarnation Tower and everyone
listened attentively to his bragging
no it's no longer bragging because he
had really broken through to the ninth
floor of The Reincarnation Tower
becoming the Undisputed number one in
the
universe in the past with his talent he
might have had hopes of becoming a
marshall Emperor but now the starting
point is the Marshall Emperor there was
only one goal and that was the Marshall
Saint after he finished breaking through
to the ninth floor and meeting his
opponent from an unknown number of
reincarnations ago which horse you won
luu slowly stood up and under everyone's
gaze with just a thought the heavy
treasure paired with the Supreme
treasure set this appeared in front of
the eyes of the great summer group wad
Dash the crowd immediately stared with
white eyes and subconsciously exclaimed
in shock at this time even
xuang who who had three Marshal Emperors
from one clan and had a distinguished
life was stupified so handsome this
group of children brother although the
eyesight is limited do not know exactly
what this set of grade but are seen good
things understand Lu you this
equipment absolutely
extraordinary certainly not Idol Big
Brother this is too handsome is this the
Supreme treasure obtained from The
Reincarnation Tower yug Guan Ching who
was acting as a comic relief on the side
hurriedly asked fearing that his lines
would be stolen luu nodded and said with
a smile this is the white Jade Wind and
Fire wheel and the dragon scale battle
armor both of which are Supreme
Treasures obtained from the wheel of
reincarnation Tower and as for the other
pairings they are extremely heavy
Treasures
it was specially given to me by my
teacher in order to honor me I
originally didn't want it he couldn't
help but give it to me saying that I was
a meritorious member of the human race
and that this was a reward I deserved so
I couldn't accept it even if I didn't
which made me so embarrassed that I
could only accept it
begrudgingly chapter 130 like father
like son the Heavenly pivot Court Lu
Chang xang sat at the the chief and to
his left and right were all martial
Emperors and martial Kings the crowd had
gathered here specifically to
congratulate the Marshall Sage at this
moment they were all gathered around Lu
changing side their Envy
overflowing compared to the son of the
old Continental Elders those descendants
of theirs were really a difference
between the clouds and mud and there was
no way to compare them at all that's the
ninth floor of The Reincarnation Tower
to think that all of them could break in
the posture of the 10th realm no doubt
two Marshall Saints from one plan this
is not only a good story for our human
race but it will also shock the 10,000
races in the universe making those
 foreign races those
evil gods have a hard time sleeping and
eating this is the fortune of great siah
this is the fortune of the human race
listening to the compliments of the many
Marshall Emperors and Marshall Kings Lu
Chang Xing nodded his head and said with
emotion I hadn't expected that much from
him because I've taken on too much and I
deeply know just how much pressure one
has to take on when standing in this
position nah this brat is still too
accomplished actually giving me such a
surprise without saying a word this is
great breaking into the ninth floor of
The Reincarnation Tower and becoming the
target of all the races in the universe
it's really not what I wished for I had
only hoped that he would be free of
disasters and grow all the way to
Marshall Emperor growing all the way up
to Marshall Emperor will do the crowd
was speechless for a while when they
heard this however there was really no
problem with this coming from Li Ching's
mouth as the first Marshall saint of the
human race highly decorated and the
backbone of the human race he was
qualified to say this the people
admonished one after another telling Lu
changing not to worry too much and that
The Descendants would have their own
blessings the
future after all is in the hands of
these young people since luu had such
natural Talent it would naturally be
better for him to become the second
Marshall saint of the human race Lu
changing listened to the words of the
crowd but he shook his head
how can it be so simple to become a
marshall Saint although this kid has
outstanding natural Talent it's simply
impossible to rely on this amount of
natural talent to become a marshall
Saint it's too far off back then when
the human race was about to be
overthrown I faced the strongest of the
10,000 races in the universe one evil
God after another and I managed to save
the day killing all the way until the
10,000 races were
emboldened the Spirit Light Divine clan
that absolute Divine son that was
claimed to come out once in 10,000 years
in front of me in just three moves he
was subdued and killed the evil God
Clans favored Lord
andon spreading Terror on planet after
planet is still being smashed by me
there are simply not too many Deeds like
that for me to remember now that my
incompetent has only broken through to
the ninth floor of The Reincarnation
Tower to think of a marshall Saint as a
goal is tantamount to a Fool's dream
after all the reincarnation Tower
without a life and death crisis can only
be considered a game of breaking and
entering and it can only be said that
the little guy's Talent is indeed good
the crowd listened to Lu changings Versi
words and agreed talking about those
things in the past again they had all
particip IP ated in these battles in the
beginning witnessing Lu changings rise
all the way to the top so they could be
said to empathize with him just as the
crowd was chatting
furiously a handsome man dressed in
white quietly left the table not long
after he found by Yu ya and respectfully
shouted
sister aha by yuya nodded and casually
asked why did you go back to the Blue
Star by e ly said that little nephew of
mine he actually broke into the ninth
floor of The Reincarnation Tower causing
the 10,000 Clans to boil after such a
big event can I not come back to take a
look this kid he does have some skills
he almost turned the sky upside down by
Yu ya nodded he's right now playing with
his little friend in ywang Pavilion
you can go over and take a look but it's
best not to disturb them
anymore okay I understand ba e nodded
outside the Yao Guang Pavilion ba
concealed his figure and looked
inside then he saw a scene that left him
dumbfounded little luu narrated the
story of The Reincarnation Tower
surrounded by the crowd it's a Pity that
when I broke into the first Realm
reincarnation Tower I was so engrossed
in seclusion that I accidentally missed
the time to break in otherwise that
first place where would it be the turn
of that Neptune PL cinic that's all and
it gave him the illusion of declaring
war on me three times it's
ridiculous as soon as the second realm
reincarnation Tower begins I'll kill him
in seconds and let him know how
ridiculous he really is himself on the
side there are also comic relief also
broke into The Reincarnation Tower know
that the 10,000 races of the pride of
the heaven how
powerful however this was more than
enough to set off luu's extraordinary
performance all the way through Big
Brother tell me more about breaking
through to the ninth floor at this time
someone spoke up when Lou you heard this
he smiled slightly and continued
thinking back then my unproductive
Marshall Saint old dad was able to break
through to the ninth floor I still
naturally have no problem with it
however this is indeed somewhat
difficult I was on the eighth floor and
I met another me outside the Yao Guang
Pavilion Bay's face was stunned
especially when he heard that my
unproductive Marshall Saint old man he
was even more J dropped good boy this is
really like father like son accompanied
by luu's narration a burst of
exclamations after a burst of
exclamations could be described as one
after another and a group of children's
brothers and sisters at this moment
looked at luu with eyes full of
admiration and worship prior to this
there were actually quite a few of this
group of children who were not convinced
by luu not all of them would be bluffed
by a few words that was precisely why
the partner approved task had dragged on
for so long in the first place not being
completed until the end of the Tower of
Trials however at this moment when luu
finished breaking into the reincarnation
Tower
everyone without exception was convinced
of luu second in the first Realm first
in the second realm his Fame shook the
universe and all the races were boiling
even their Marshall Emperor Marshall
King mom and dad were full of praise for
luu lamenting that this kind of talent
was truly
unparalleled after finishing the matter
of The Reincarnation Tower luu talked
about his uncovering of the spies of the
human race as well as pushing for the
great unification of the human race this
thing the movement is not small the
people are slightly heard but one also
did not expect is actually a big brother
to promote amidst the crowd's a
inspiring gazes luu
continued in recognition of my
achievements I have become the owner of
138 living planets when these words came
out a group of kid Brothers immediately
stared with white eyes oh my God 138
living planets big brother you're
directly commanding 138 planets that's
awesome because of this news it was so
overwhelming that some people couldn't
even believe it is this true when have I
ever told a lie Lu you glanced at the
man whether it's true or not you'll all
know if you go and ask around the words
came out xuang immediately said
I know this matter it is indeed true the
crowd was stunned luu smiled and
continued in fact my Marshall Saint
father at first didn't agree with me
becoming the master of these 138 planets
do you know why chapter 131 the future
going to war together inside the yagang
Pavilion a group of children listened to
to luu's narration in extraordinarily
quiet the moment luu said this before
the crowd could react yuanin grabbed the
question big
brother why luu nodded and
continued because these 138 living
planets are located in remote and harsh
environments however that's not the
point what's the key luu glanced at the
crowd before speaking the the key is
that these planets close to the
Starfield
Battlefield have to be Infested by
Foreign races from time to time once you
take over my 138 living planets it means
taking on this burden this is not a rich
planet of life but a Frontline
Battlefield so my dad
naturally doesn't want me to agree
there's no doubt about it it's a big
pain in the ass
it's a big
liability but for the sake of the human
race for the sake of the great s how can
I back down if I don't take this burden
who will Who will carry it I have said
to you more than once change the heavens
and the Earth clarify the universe shake
the 10,000 races with might who else can
I be when these words came out
the crowd was all excited with their
hearts pounding and their blood surging
a long time ago at the banquet luu often
opened his mouth and bragged about all
kinds of things and at that time many
people disdained this thinking that Lu
you was thinking too simply after the
passage of time after hearing these
words again after hearing luu's bold
words for himself at the beginning and
starting to put them into action how
could he not be moving by them luu
looked at the complex expressions of the
crowd and
continued these things as the son of the
Marshall Saint I am obligated to do and
these planets just happen to be my rear
bases for my conquest of the foreign
races so to me these 138 planets are not
Troublesome or burdensome at all but the
best help as soon as these words came
out someone excitedly said at that
moment big brother I'm willing to follow
you to these 138 planets and conquer the
foreign races together yuban Ching's
reaction was half a beat slower and when
he saw that someone had jumped ahead of
him it was too late for him to catch up
and he hurriedly shouted I am also
willing to follow big brother and
conquer the
foreigners big brother I'm willing to
I'm going to
in the future to the battlefield
Together Big Brother take me one I want
it too I want to accompany big brother
in the battle against the foreigners too
my chew family has three Marshall
Emperors in one family and two martial
Emperors died in battle for the great SE
how can I be missing out on this kind of
thing me me me haha you just don't the
family surely won't allow it Ty how dare
you underestimate me many Little Friends
scrambled to be the first fearing that
they would be left behind and wanted to
follow luu heading to one of these
battlefields to conquer the foreigners
luu was very pleased to hear these words
it seems that none of these sons of the
powerful and Noble are goons the most
basic bloodline is still there but he
didn't have the idea of lulling these
people into a boat of Thieves all at
once luu shook his head and said
seriously this matter which is of great
importance is by no means a trivial
matter I appreciate the good intentions
of all of you however Battlefield
conquests and fighting against
foreigners are all about licking blood
from the mouth of a knife and if one is
not careful it will be a death on the
road if you really have this in mind
you'd better go home and talk to your
elders listen to what they think and
then come back and answer me at these
words the crowd nodded
seriously in the
meantime outside of ywang Pavilion Bay's
jaw dropped to the ground in shock when
he heard the conversation inside 138
living planets this one little guy who
was going to share the battlefield in
the future the most outr thing is this
is something that still seems to be true
but does she know about this you why did
you agree bayyo looked at luu with a
shag grind expression that old man of
yours is fooling around and you're
fooling around with him too those 138
planets are basically War zones and
they're counting on you by throwing this
mess at you counting on you can you
understand that
those damned guys they actually have
children to count because you broke
through to the ninth floor of The
Reincarnation Tower and have the posture
of a martial Saint now they can't wait
to burden you his heart is in the right
place by youo extraordinarily annoyed
more Angry is that this thing Lu
changing know L you know those families
no from beginning to end even only she
was kept in the dark Lu you glared at
the handsome man in the room it was
definitely this guy who snitched mom who
is he Lu you tried to pull away from the
conversation I'm your uncle we even met
once when you were a year old by E said
with a smile oh luu nodded uncle is it
you do not see me in the first month to
cut the hair or not to cut the hair is
finished don't interrupt by you y
glanced at ba under the bloodline
suppression Bay's hallowed Marshall
Emperor was momentarily
silenced say what exactly do you think
bayu ya turned her head and looked at
luu once again mom unless I don't grow
up for the rest of my life there will be
a day when I have to step into the
battlefield a day when I have to go into
the fry but is that possible I'm the one
who's going to be a sword Saint luu
opened his mouth then why did you hide
it from me by yuyo continued to ask I
don't know you don't know a luu saw his
mom's face was not right and quickly
assured I must tell you next time in the
meantime when that group of powerful
Sons and Daughters went home and said
that they were going to those 138 living
planets to join the war there was no
doubt about about it it was called a
chicken and dog fight not allowed to go
Marshall Emperor Chuan Hong narrowed his
eyes and said coldly why am I not
allowed to go xuang stood up
agitatedly his face r with anger my chew
family has three Marshal Emperors and
two of them died in battle have they
become cowards when it comes to me
didn't you say before that you wanted me
to move around more with the Marshall
Saints son why are you going back on
your word now I asked you to strike a
good relationship with that luu not for
you to go into battle with him Chuan
Hong frowned and said faintly if we
don't go to the battlefield together to
fight and live and die together where is
there any good
relationship xuang retorted
excitedly if everyone else goes and I
don't isn't that a disgrace to the chu
family it's fine for you to join the war
with him but it's absolutely not fine
for you to give him your life chuon Hong
shook his head you are no longer a child
don't you know the difference big
brother he's bound to be a marshall
Saint in the future what's wrong with me
following him shuang said with a
straight face Marshall Saint how could
it be that simple Chuan Hong spoke IND
differently
moreover our family doesn't like this
amount of Merit it's just a future
Conquest to those planets it's not like
we're going now could it be that this
can't even be promised chuyang stared
wide-eyed his eyes filled with
disappointment chapter 132 big brother
is really awesome new Mainline Quest no
means no don't think about these have
knots shoan Hong said
indifferently me I'm going xuang was so
angry that his eyes turned red as he
raised his head and stubbornly shouted I
must follow Big Brother you can't stop
it when Shuan Hong heard this a headache
shot through his head and he couldn't
help but rub his brow how did things go
in this direction before that it was him
who had United with a few other great SE
lineages to count on the Marshall Saint
as well as his youngest son since that
Marshall Saint's son
who had shown such amazing talent in The
Reincarnation Tower would at the very
least be an emperor in the future he
must be allowed to take on more
responsibilities who could have known
that he was going to take his own
foolish son and go with him to that star
realm to fight against the alien race
there how is that
agreeable calculating the success of the
son of the Marshall Saint he had been in
a mood which could be described as very
good who knew that in a turn of the eye
the home was actually stolen numb people
are numb that's really lifting a rock
and stoning yourself not all clans did
not agree with their own Sons and
Daughters to accompany luu in the future
to fight together most of the families
for the most part were in
agreement for one thing they were
already close to the Marshall Saint and
for another
this matter was in the future and it was
only a verbal agreement and there were
still a lot of
variables so why couldn't they agree to
it only a handful of martial arts
families when they heard their own
children say this were then double
tonged it's not they fought for this
condition by confronting the Marshall
Saint hadon and not giving in at all but
you don't want your own child foolishly
to follow one by one all numb turning to
the next day once again the Gathering
luu's Little Friends gleefully gave a
reply the family agreed to go to those
planets together in the future to fight
against the alien race only there were
quite a few people who didn't come for
example xuang was absent and there was
also the little fat pinan who came
yanching immediately snorted coldly
these guys they are all gutless rats
they talk pretty but in reality they
don't dare to come that's it don't bring
them to play in the future the
surrounding crowd in righteous
indignation
agreed I don't think so luu directly
shook his head they're not like that it
must be because their family doesn't
agree and still won't let them go out
that's why they didn't come over then
they didn't say anything in the group
yaning said it should be because they
don't know how to face us luu thought
for a moment and said just make contact
saying so luu directly contacted these
absentees as they looked at luu each one
of them was incomparably ashamed big
brother my dad doesn't agree the little
chubby pirin Yun said
shamefully he directly grounded me and
forbade me to come over to play my dad
grounded me too Shu young said in a
hurry I'm locked up too so are we Big
Brother what should we do this one with
its tiny face was full of
aggravation when the crowd saw this
scene
they realized that it seemed that they
had really
misunderstood and that things were
indeed as big brother had said there is
no one who is
gutless it's just that their family
doesn't agree but if that's the case
then it can't be helped after all that
was the decision of the elders and the
family so how could they change it what
else can be done about it but
unexpectedly luu smiled and said don't
worry about it I will personally
convince your family members as long as
I explain the stakes to them they will
definitely agree dad luu yelled and
found Lu Chong Chen something's wrong Lu
Chong xong who was drinking tea glanced
at him it's like this Lu you told the
cause and effect of the matter roughly
when Lu Chang Chang heard these words he
couldn't help but be a bit surprised and
couldn't help but glance at luu good boy
is this intentional or unintentional on
your part
surprisingly the sons of those families
all of them were dragged down not a
single one got away all of them will
follow luu nice Sky these martial arts
families had really lifted a stone and
smashed their own feet I I'm afraid they
never dreamed that things would go in
this direction ha haa Lu Chang Ching
smiled and said this is a small matter
just leave it to me don't worry I will
convince people with reason good luu
nodded then I'll trouble dad it would be
foolish to go over there on your own
when you have the thigh of the Marshall
Saints old man and don't embrace it
there are no
surprises it was a matter that was
easily resolved if they still dared to
refuse under the questioning of the
Marshall Saint they really thought they
had lived too long when xuang and Chin
yunai returned the crowd's admiration
for luu reached a peak it was even if
the talent was Peerless but even the
opposition of the family Elders could be
convinced big brother is really awesome
banquet Lu you was in a good mood as he
enjoyed the crowd's boasting
it's just a shame that such good times
can't last long the teacher only gave
him a three-day vacation to get some
rest this would be the third day already
tomorrow it's time to continue
practicing martial arts but and he
didn't
resist after all practicing martial arts
to become stronger is the right thing to
do as the son of a marshall Saint what
kind of thing is it to keep enjoying
yourself while the human race is under
attack from the belly
if that were true these people at the
moment would not be following him just
then a light screen suddenly appeared in
front of luu's eyes aha seeing this
scene luu's Spirit was lifted the system
Mission had come it's been a long time
since the last mission Lou you hurriedly
looked up you succeeded in catching the
traitor of the human race in in addition
to single-handedly promoting the great
unification of the human race merging
and integrating all the countries so
that the human race is no longer divided
into countries but you know very well
that this alone is not enough far from
it because you know that the external
danger to the human race still hasn't
decreased in the slightest as the saying
goes no egg is left intact when the nest
is
overturned next please recover a planet
that originally belonged to human life
stage one Mission recover a living
planet Mission reward Jade bone pill
stage two Mission recover five living
planets Mission reward God defining bead
stage three Quest recover 10 living
planets Mission reward Thunder fire seal
stage four mission recover 50 living
planets Mission reward golden Crow Jade
plate looking at the system a mission in
front of him luu couldn't help but
Furrow his brows the array of rewards
for the quest at hand was certainly nice
but the problem was the difficulty of
the quest was a bit too high reclaim the
planet of life that was originally owned
by
mankind are you kidding me I'm only 3
years old you're asking me to do this a
little too far out there hey he let out
a subconscious sigh when xuang heard
this sigh he immediately asked big
brother why are you sighing you guing
blared no why are you stealing my lines
again chapter 133 asking the blind when
luu heard chuang's words he pondered for
a moment and spoke as far as I know our
human race at its peak once possessed
more than a thousand living planets
unfortunately later on as the 10,000
races of the universe pressed on the war
defenses of the human race were forced
to lock up these life planets fell some
one after another so much so that it's
just close to a thousand life planets
now there are still a lot of humans in
those Fallen life planets who didn't
have time to evacuate and have long
since fallen into captivity and slavery
of the foreigners imprisoned for
generations and working forever forever
when the crowd heard this they all froze
and the originally cheerful and relaxed
atmosphere instantly became a bit gloomy
no one thought that big brother was even
thinking about these things even xuang
froze for a moment for a moment neither
knew what to say however he heard luu
continue the 138 life planets under my
control today are located in the taiway
star domain
which is very close to these life
planets that once belonged to humans I
want to recapture these planets Nay it's
just too hard and I'm So Young that pops
would never allow me to be in the
battlefield on top of that I'm afraid
that the soldiers in general stationed
on these living planets won't trust my
command much less easily follow my
dispatch I want to keep making big moves
preferably to recapture those living
planets but I don't know what to do or
where to start I wonder
gentlemen what's the best way to do this
Leu said this his eyes looking at the
crowd the guys couldn't help but look at
each other after hearing this what what
can be done about it the question
obviously was a little too over the top
for them but since big brother is so
farsighted and so worried about the
country they absolutely cannot be left
behind immediately
afterward this group of kid Brothers
conferred with each other there is no
doubt that in these deliberated plans
are mostly Whimsical schemes the kind
that sound outrageous on first hearing
just then the little chubby pirin Yun
inhaled his nose hesitated for a moment
but still opened his mouth and said big
brother why do you ask about blindness
the moment these words came out the
surrounding crowd first froze and then
glared
angrily what does it mean to ask the
blind you say that we are all working in
unison to give Big Brother ideas
although the bad ideas are on the side
but at least they are their own thoughts
how can you say such things this is not
pouring cold water on everyone luu
turned his head to look at chin Yu Li
and opened his m to ask do you have any
ideas Shin yunai said seriously our
deliberation here is tantamount to
talking on paper even if we give the
best ideas and come up with the best
plans but once we get to the front line
and actually use them it's a different
matter Big Brother your teacher xiaoen
hang is the former Chief Marshall of
diaa with such a great God around what
is the reasoning for for not going to
ask him for his thoughts and
suggestions and in turn asking those of
us who haven't been on the
battlefield where can we get a solution
to the problem as the crowd listened to
Chin yuli's words although they were
tempted to
retort upon closer
examination this was really the case
xuyang immediately said what chin Yun
said makes sense it's hard for us to
discuss a method even after half a day's
discussion
at most we can unite our families and
support the Frontline battlefields as a
way to recover the lost planets but if
it was Marshall Xiao who made the move
then everything would be different
yuguan Ching hurriedly said I also feel
that this is the truth as long as sword
Emperor jaia is willing to come out then
nothing is a problem
master master luu ran over with gusto
and asked with a smile have haven't seen
you for 3 days did Master miss me jaia
wanan narrowed his eyes at luu what do
you want me to do
louu it's not how can you tell at a
glance again here's the deal luu smiled
somewhat
embarrassedly and then roughly explained
the matter after listening for a long
time jaia wanan nodded and said faintly
so you want to ask me to come out and be
the chief Marshall of those 138 planets
aha luu nodded
vigorously not interested xia wuan shook
his head ah luu was a bit
dumbfounded Master's rejection was too
dry he didn't even consider it at all
I'm still recuperating from my
injuries and my strength hasn't
recovered to its peak stage so once I go
down
those foreigners will surely go down
with even more powerful characters as
well and it'll be a bit unpleasant then
instead so from all
considerations I can't go down for the
time being xia wuan glanced at luu and
explained okay luu knew that this matter
was not that simple you don't need to be
in too much of a hurry jaia wanan said
indifferently as a commander the most
taboo thing to do is to be too anxious
you need to remain calm at all times
even if countless people are dying every
minute and every second you still need
to remain calm because any hasty
decision you make could cause the
situation to completely fall apart if
you're really interested in the
afternoon's military class we can deduce
the battlefield situation over there and
I'll explain it to you properly although
he didn't know why Lu you was so
interested in recovering the planet
since he had said so there was no reason
why he wouldn't explain and to do
something for him just in time to use
this as a textbook Xiao
wuan who hadn't been to class for a
while was feeling a bit itchy when Lu
you heard this his eyes lit up good
though I wasn't able to get the master
to come out but the master can stand
behind himself and advise him so the
effect is pretty much the
same however he's obviously thinking
about things in a simplistic way stupid
how could I have a disciple like you
with your kind of command you still
think of recovering the Lost lands of
the human race do your spring and fall
dream obviously the cultivation Talent
is so good how come when it comes to the
military command above it's stupid like
this you're even dumber than
jiia the current commander-in-chief of
the taiway Starfield to venture out
without even the most basic
understanding of the big picture I think
you don't even know how to write the
word death this series of reprimands
scolded luu a little confused how
spirited he was when he broke into The
Reincarnation Tower and how stifled he
was now as if everything he did was
wrong Master how could the commanders of
these foreign r rces be as powerful as
you L you really couldn't hold back and
retorted is it do you think so hearing
this xia wuan narrowed his eyes to tell
you the truth within the foreign races
those who are stronger than me can be
said to abound you're underestimating
those Cosmic Celestial Pride if you
still want to recover the lost planet
for the human race if you can't even win
against me I advise you to dismiss this
unrealistic thought before it's too late
luu gritted his teeth again one more
time Xiao
wuan however shook his head it's not
coming it'll be the same again it's
really
foolish well let me explain to you about
the tiway Starfield war zone and the
recent War events that have taken place
yes
chapter 134 convinced by reason almost
all of luu's 138 life planets were in
the taiway Starfield war zone the
highest commander in charge of this area
was called
xiia Marshall Emperor realm also a Dasha
person in luu's Dasha hero Circle there
was a XI
now who was this person's own son even
though this
Starfield these planets didn't belong to
Grand siabi before this it didn't
prevent grania's Army from being
stationed over here commanding the
entire Starfield War Zone from here one
could see why those martial arts
families in diaa did not agree to Annex
these small countries to complete the
great unification of the human race
military
political
Financial three aspects of the power can
be said to be firmly in the hands of
only eat the benefits do not want to be
bad why do you still want to cut the
meat out of it even though L you had
become the nominal master of these 138
planets it didn't mean that whatever he
said here was what he said
military
political
Financial three powers still by the
upper echelons of Dasha firmly grasping
it need to slowly go to fight for him
also as he continued to go deeper and
deeper luu gradually realized that the
situation here could be described as
intricate and complicated to the extreme
each party has their own side of the
interests in the multiple
constraints the situation formed a
delicate balance once L you
intervened the balance is bound to be
broken the situation will develop in
another Direction whether it would be
good or bad at that time would depend on
luu's personal ability good on in
addition to the war situation deduction
jaia wuan also explained the general
situation of the taiway star domain to
luu although he was Idol jawanan was at
least a former Chief Marshal of dashia
and the intelligence channels in his
hand were not at all small under his
explanation luu had a rough
understanding of the situation of these
138 planets in Jaan yuan's words he was
quite disdainful of
xiia he thought that although this man
had some ability he was too headstrong
and above his head in the recent battle
it was because of his blind confidence
that the Army suffered unnecessary
casualties some tactical problems many
errors in judgment and even more so by
xiaan Yuan as a
Counterpoint after L you listened
attentively he couldn't help but ask
since this person's ability is not good
why is he still allowed to serve as the
chief commander of the taiway Starfield
xia wuan glanced at him and said lightly
in my opinion just because he can't
doesn't mean he really can't it's just
not perfect to put it bluntly a short
man picks a tall man even if in jaia
whenu ends opinion XI is a rookie to
others he is already a generation of
famous
generals but this generation of famous
generals apparently there are also
confused times for example when luu
pushed for the great unification of the
human race this person was the first to
stand up against it in his opinion these
small countries were not worthy of being
a part of the Great Sea at all it's
already enough to give them face to be a
vassel and to be a national of DEA
how can these barbarians be worthy
although in the end in the end the arm
can't be defeated ja's opposition is
invalid these countries will be
gradually merged into the
Granda and finally complete the great
unification of the human
race however at this juncture Jai
G however continued to make trouble out
of it he is not unable to see the
general
situation but simply feel that the
general outside the king's orders are
not subject to he is a toway star field
commander who can replace him the great
s above pushed for a great unification
of the human race but he
disagreed just didn't agree as the
commander-in-chief of the taiway astral
domain his refusal made it difficult to
move this matter forward for a while
xi's idea is very simple
as long as the top does not give him an
explanation then this matter cannot
continue having clearly raised an
objection myself who are you to ignore
me an explanation must be given
otherwise the entire taiway astral
domain would not be able to promote the
great unification of the human race what
do you think about this matter jaia wuan
asked indifferently after finishing the
general situation of the taiway star
region F of arms luu said there are
quite a few such arrogant soldiers and
Generals in Dasha and they are so
arrogant and domineering to the extreme
as they take great credit for themselves
Xiao Wan Yuan said
indifferently possibly luu thought for a
moment and said possibly it's those guys
at the top of diaa knowing that there's
such a prick in the taiway
Starfield that's why they've thrown the
mess of these 13 8 planets all to me
you're quite quick to react Xiao wuan
smiled there are naturally reasons for
this what a bunch of old foxes Lut scad
these sophisticated guys taking one step
looking at 10 steps thinking of a 100
steps can be said to have thought of
every
situation it would be absolutely
impossible to say that they didn't know
xia wuan asked
indifferently how do you plan to resolve
this Lu you frowned this shy
performance's stance is so Resolute I
feel that it's not just his alone it's
likely that it's the intention of many
people in that case it's really not a
good thing however with this Shai gz
ability even if there is a lot of
opposition down there as long as he's
willing he can definitely suppress it
but he's obviously not willing so as
long as we convince him then all the
problems will be solved xia Wan Yuan
nodded then how do you plan to convince
him luu thought for a moment and said I
will reason with him and convince him
with reason when xia when Yuan heard
this he just smiled and didn't say
anything else convince people with
reason I'm sure you're still a naive
little kid do you really think anyone
will reason with you the thing that
these arrogant soldiers hate the most is
when someone reasons with them taiway
Starfield commanderin-chief J Gia looked
at the email in front of him his face
subtle the email from his own son but he
was helping to forward it the person who
sent the mail was the famous Marshall
Saints only son L youu just see what it
plainly says die G be honest with me if
you decide to March and fight on your
own that's fine promoting the great
unification of the human race this kind
of political matter who are you to tell
me what to do here it's not even enough
to point fingers but you actually made a
mess do you know what you're doing I'm
the one who pushed for this and so is my
father if the human race is not greatly
unified there will inevitably be civil
unrest in the future once those people
betray it will surely lead to the
collapse of the situation you don't
think you're running a tent and have
everything under control so you do
whatever you want you think you know
what you're doing you don't know
and don't even think that you're unique
that no one can take your place I can
always have my teacher xia
onean the former Marshall of the grand
Sia take your place
completely and after being stationed in
the taiway star domain for so many years
you can't even recover the human Planet
you once lost if you don't feel
ashamed I still feel ashamed how dare
you still have the face to meddle in
other people's business from now on
I'm the boss of the taiway
Starfield just listen to me don't think
that I'm still young and don't take me
seriously be careful I won't take your
son to play with me in the future behave
yourself chapter 135 what kind of person
is that luu although xiia thinks highly
of himself but
naturally he is not the kind of
brainless and Reckless person who has
gotten to where he is today how could it
be that simple for a marshall emperor
arrogance
superciliousness and headr strongness
are only superficial
Illusions the moment he squinted at the
email in front of him and couldn't help
but fall into silence as he looked at
the lines of text on it it's not this
what is this especially that last threat
be careful I won't take your son to play
in the future it was even more extremely
comical making this entire email
filled with extremely absurd colors
prior to this the Marshall Saints only
son
luu had broken through to the ninth
floor of The Reincarnation Tower and it
was impossible for ji J to be unaware of
such a major event this kind of Genius
not to mention the entire human
Community even if it was placed in the
entire universe of the 10,000 races it
would be a rare existence
only a genius is a genius after all it
will take quite a bit of time for him to
grow up
therefore after realizing that luu had
taken over the 138 living planets of the
taiway astral domain he didn't care too
much about it until this one email came
through straight away he was dry
silenced after a long time ji G called
his youngest son dad
the little guy looked up with a
surprised look on his face little Myriad
you on daddy wants to ask you a question
XI GS spoke up what's the problem XA
Yuan asked
curiously the luu you know what kind of
person is he jiia asked directly hearing
this question from his old man Jaa Yuen
said almost without thinking big brother
is a her
hero hearing this comment XI GF Rose for
a moment and narrowed his eyes as he
asked why do you say that because in the
near future big brother will lead us to
clarify the universe change the heavens
and the Earth suppress all the races in
the universe and make a great cause that
has never been seen before jauan said
with a longing face Jack
it's not what is this it's only been how
long since I've been back to Blue Star
and my own stupid son how come he's been
neglected and crippled Dad don't you
believe it jauan noticed the change in
jia's expression and opened his mouth to
ask it's too far away for you to say
that ji G nodded how can I believe this
it's not like I'm your tiny little cutie
dad you probably think that big brother
being so young only 3 years old this
year is just making empty promises when
he says this talking some big talk X mea
Yuan asked after some thought J
G apart from that is there a second
possibility ja meu and
continued in fact I didn't believe at
first
that big brother could do all that the
future is still far away and everything
can produce changes but big brother is
truly walking on this path one step at a
time with
determination how Jai G asked there are
so many things that big brother has done
that I can't even count take the most
recent one when he was breaking into the
reincarnation Tower he found found out
that someone had switched his break-in
live stream to go to the Fay Big
Brother's first reaction was not that he
was famous but that something was wrong
with this at Big Brother's request
spreading the net layout and following
the trail we really did catch quite a
few
spies after that big brother even
realized that pulling out these spies is
treating the symptoms but not the root
cause and if you want a complete
solution then you have to treat the root
cause and so it was that big brother set
out to push for the great unification of
the entire human race to prevent any
civil unrest that might occur in the
future XY nauen spoke in a serious
manner his eyes full of
admiration and also when also after he
took over the taiway Starfield war zone
where Dad was he discovered those life
planets that the human race had once
lost and set out with the intention of
recovering those planets he's a very
personal man very
impressive dad you can't treat him like
a little kid he's much more mature than
we are things far ahead too hearing
these words from his own son jai's face
could be described as exceptionally
brilliant this is
outrageous Jai was very skeptical that
this stupid son of his family had been
fooled into
limping but to be able to fool him like
like this it also showed side by side
that that luu was indeed very powerful
after thinking about it J J said you
come and tell me more about the
specifics of this luu and what else he
did before this all right J meu and
nodded and then began to recount luu's
glorious Deeds for his dad generally at
his age he should be playing in the mud
but he stepped into the Dasha cabinet to
listen to the cabinet members
deliberating on important matters it's
amazing enough to listen to politics
even if it's not who thought he'd even
step in to solve the Hing Peril at the
same time luu studied The Art of War
with former Marshall xia wuan even Xiao
wuan marveled at his military Talent
which was very impressive no less than
his martial arts Talent the subsequent
opening of The Reincarnation Tower was
even more of a Triumph displaying a
heaven defying martial arts Talent ja
mea Yuan rambled on for a long time as
XI Gia listened his face grew more and
more
brilliant
originally he thought that luu no matter
how genius he was was only a
three-year-old child and could not
possibly meddle in the Affairs of the
thaway star domain I'm afraid that
doesn't seem to be the case now one of
the things that my stupid son has said
the most his big brother always does
what he says words will be honored
actions will be taken Jai then thought
of the email he had written to himself
one of the most vicious words was don't
think you are unique and no one can
replace you he can replace the former
Marshall of Dasha at any time just now
Jai G hadn't taken that to heart now it
seems if Marshall xia was willing than
this matter it was not impossible to
happen after jauan finished speaking he
looked at his dad by the way big brother
asked me to forward the mail today what
did he say to you nothing much Jai shook
his head just a simple exchange of
pleasantries oh J nowu and nodded he
felt that this matter wasn't that simple
but since his old man didn't want to
talk about it there was nothing he could
do no this matter is not
negotiable bayu ya decisively refused
completely snuffing out luu's thoughts
why not ah Lu you bean somewhat
unconvinced I just want to go and see
the planets of the taiway astral domain
to see how it doesn't work
Dangerous by Yu ya glanced at Lu youu
and said
indifferently you just took first place
in The Reincarnation Tower don't you
know how famous you are now how dare you
go out of the blue star at this time
wait until you grow up a bit I can ask
my teacher to take me there off my
teacher is a marshall Emperor what
danger can this be Lou you perked up
still wanting to fight for a second that
won't do you're too young
I'm not worried by yuyo refused again
then wouldn't it be fine if you followed
alone luu said again no means no Bay
yuyo shook her head just one trip to The
Reincarnation Tower and you've hardened
your wings do you know how many evil
gods are staring at you don't even think
about it Lu you nodded
helplessly okay it does seem a bit risky
in that case he could only wait for pops
to return and discuss it and let Pops
take himself there that would definitely
be no problem after leaving Mom's side
luu unexpectedly realized that he had
received a friend request the other
party was of course the general
commander of the taiway Starfield Legion
die G chapter 136 is there really a
capable person born to know
whom luu saw this friend application and
couldn't help but be a little surprised
could it be that he had scolded this guy
sharply actually luu hadn't wanted to
use his power to oppress people but
since this shy G is not a proper person
he can't be
blamed and that's the way it has to be
when dealing with this kind of Pride
you're arrogant and bossy so I'll be
even more arrogant and bossy than you
the only way to communicate better is to
overpower the other person
otherwise the other party is above the
eyeballs and won't even look at you as a
little friend by that time let alone
communicating on an equal footing it
would be a favor to you if you could pay
attention to you once in a while
admittedly luu's status was
topnotch and his talent was
unparalleled but the problem was that he
hadn't grown up after all and was still
too small why should others put you in
their eyes so reasoning certainly
doesn't make sense it can only be done
this way a little too
aggressively seeing this friend request
at the moment luu thinks the guy might
be red War anxious but after a moment's
thought he accepted it goon that's
absolutely no way to wimp out after
accepting the friend
application luu even took the initiative
and made a communication call over soon
the communication call was connected and
looking at the figure on the opposite
side luu smiled and asked you are Uncle
XI whom it's definitely not a wimp
instead it's a right of passage and a
division hearing this very polite
address jaia was a bit surprised as he
narrowed his eyes and carefully sized up
the kid in front of him you're L
wishing's son yes my name is Lou U louu
said okay
louu why did you send an email to bully
me ji nodded and asked calmly bullying
hearing this luu shook his head and said
this is good advice it's not bullying at
all I just hope to make do not make a
mistake I know more about the situation
in the taiway astral domain than you do
it's not that I don't agree with the
great unification of the human race but
this is a matter that doesn't need to be
pushed forward so quickly ja Gia slowly
said there is a priority in everything
and I'm afraid that once it's pushed too
far there will be a great chaos this is
a truth that I'm sure you can understand
the reason I stepped in to block it is
that I want this to move forward forward
slowly and
steadily as a result you said those
things and said that you wanted Marshall
Xiao to replace me so what is this if
not bullying me this is an impeccable
dripping statement Jai knew that the
general Trend could not be violated so
he did not foolishly try to resist it
rather it means that this matter should
be adapted to the local situation and
randomized rather than being implemented
immediately without regard to the time
have to say it makes perfect sense when
luu heard this he was stunned he didn't
look for jiia to reason with him but it
turned out that jiia looked for him to
reason with him instead I'm afraid he
wouldn't even believe it if I told my
master about this Lu you thought for a
moment before speaking your judgment may
not be accurate when these words came
out jaia laughed at that time
I've been in the taiway astral domain
for so long could it be that my judgment
isn't as accurate as yours that's
natural luu said
rightfully just because you're the son
of a marshall Saint Jai Gia asked again
that's even more of a put down L youu
however did not get angry as he raised
his head and said
seriously of course not I've roughly
understood your recent battle in the
taiway Starfield there were quite a few
problems and if it wasn't for your blind
confidence there wouldn't have been so
many unnecessary
casualties J Gia it's not this kid
what's wrong with you does he know what
he's talking about it's okay to point
fingers and stick to your guns on
political matters how dare he point a
finger at the
military this is tantamount to A Class
Act and is simply
ridiculous XI felt this was somewhat
amusing he really wanted to hear what
kind of Tall Tales the little guy had Lu
you was not the least bit polite and
directly commented on it constantly
counting down the various problems in
faults of
xiia these words were naturally not
unintentional but were the true insights
of Master xiaan Yuan it was jaia wuan
who stood at an absolute height and
summarized one question after another
at that time I remembered it clearly and
at this moment without exception it was
all Borrowed by
luu I know you're not convinced but you
need to change your temper if you can
correct these problems you can
definitely go further and thus recover
some human
planets
finally L you said so jaia opened his
mouth stunned be bewildered was written
all over that weathered face even in his
dreams he had never thought that there
was not a single problem with luu's
words this this this this could it be
that there are really capable people who
are born knowing how can a kid that age
have so much insight into what goes on
in the
battlefield is that what Geniuses do
these days for a moment ja Gia was a bit
skeptical it wasn't until he hung up the
communication video that he reacted with
an
afterthought no these words are
definitely not from this kid nine times
out of 10 it's What marshall Xiao said
this review has quite a bit of Marshall
xia's flavor he's been retired for so
long that I actually didn't react for a
moment and was bluffed by this kid good
fellow at this young age you have used
the pulling of the big flag so
skillfully if it weren't for the fact
that I am familiar with Marshall Xiao I
would have really been blindsided by him
is this the new era
magnate being so
enterprising it makes me wonder if I'm
getting old when he grows up a little
and comes to the taiway Starfield
Battlefield I'm afraid quite a few
interesting things will happen at that
thought J G couldn't help but smile his
eyes flashing with a hint of
anticipation master luu found Xiao wuan
with gusto what is it Xiao wuan glanced
at him I've already convinced that
ja luu said you got your dad to step in
xia wuan asked of course not as I said
this little matter I only need to make a
slight move and casually give it away
it's not a problem at all luu said
smugly oh
xia wuan was a bit
surprised but on second thought this
little guy almost every time surprised
people so this wasn't particularly
surprising that
J at first even looked for me to raise
an offense saying that I don't know
anything but I ended up just saying a
few words and dismissing him into
silence let him be vinced of me luu
rambled on and continued to show off
hearing the half truths jaia wanyuan
didn't count on the authenticity and
still nodded his head in a breezy manner
Master why don't you praise me luu asked
with a smile this is nothing Xiao wuan
said
indifferently okay Master's standards
are as high as ever luu nodded then I'll
go cultivate
don't rush xia wuan shook his head I
applied for you to enroll in Blue Star
University yesterday and that side has
already agreed so for your cultivation
afterward you can go there first ha Lu
you was
confused chapter 137 blue star
University trigger the special Mission
the entry criteria for blue star
University was to break through to the
Marshall fourth realm before the age of
18 luu was only at the two Realms now
and hadn't reached the standard at all
so this was clearly a backdoor move but
here's the thing luu didn't have much
interest in Blue Star
University after all in his opinion no
matter how good the conditions of blue
star University were it couldn't compare
to the personal teaching of a sword
Emperor could it isn't that putting the
cart before the the horse jauan saw
through luu's thoughts in a Flash you
don't think it's necessary to go to Blue
Star University when you have my
teachings aha Lu you nodded jaia Wan
Yuan laughed then slowly said then
you're also underestimating blue star
University Blue Star
University it's the top school in the
entire human
Community this is the Gathering Place of
countless super geniuses
the ones you defeated in the virtual
worlds trial Battlefield were just some
last rate students in short the teaching
conditions at Blue Star University are
absolutely beyond your
imagination I your father both graduated
from Blue Star
University in the entire human Community
if blue star University is ranked second
then no martial arts university would
dare to be ranked first hearing these
words
L you couldn't help but say
master you are a sword Emperor so what
if it's a sword Emperor xiaan Yuan
glanced at luu and said
indifferently you have to understand
that even if your father came over he
wouldn't be able to compare to a top
Academy I didn't intend to let you enter
blue star University for further studies
so soon it's just that I didn't expect
that your rate of progress was just too
fast first place in the second realm
reincarnation Tower even if you're still
in the second realm now but in terms of
strength alone an ordinary fourth realm
isn't even a match for you and even the
fifth realm can have a battle you're now
entering the critical stage of
inscription
comprehension it's simply a waste of
time to train hard here with me without
two good conditions blue star
University on the other hand has a
complete cultivation system that works
very well so it's naturally worth going
there when luu heard these words he
could not help but fall silent and after
a long time he raised his head and asked
Master are you driving me away when Xiao
W Yuan heard this he first
froze then couldn't help but
laugh
naturally I'm not driving you away
whether it's swordsmanship or Art of War
I'll continue to teach you and you'll
have to keep coming over at the same
time I have to go to Blue Star
University to further my education Lu
you subconsciously asked right Xiao W
youan nodded this is too tiring Lu you
was a bit
dumbfounded isn't your goal to change
the heavens and the Earth clarify the
universe and suppress the 10,000 races
of the universe
this is just where you're at and you're
feeling too tired xia when youan asked
calmly Lou you with these words what
else could he say even if he knocked out
his teeth he had to swallow it in his
stomach blue star
University right I want to go to the
battlefield what's a small
University just go who's afraid this is
blue star
University it's better to say that it's
a university than that it's a
megalopolis a megalopolis built around
an academy everything is for this
University looking down from the Airship
can be extraordinarily
spectacular in this
megalopolis blue star University is
divided into four areas Elite School
District before the age of 18 enter the
fourth realm and study here genius
School District before the age of 18
enter the golden body realm and further
your education here demon School
District before the age of 18 enter the
Dharma body realm and practice here
there was also the last area and the
most special area where students from
any area regardless of their region
could enter to cultivate as long as they
broke through to the sixth realm and
became a patriarch before they
graduated this was no longer a student
here a sixth realm patriarch was enough
to act as a teacher to teach the new
students luu was taken to the demon
School District the conditions here are
without a doubt one of the best of the
three large school
districts at this moment a seventh realm
Grandmaster who was also a professor
from Blue Star
University was standing beside luu
patiently introducing everything here to
him although luu was only at the second
realm he had broken into the ninth floor
of The Reincarnation Tower not long ago
and gotten the Undisputed first place
this was a solid Marshall Saint stance
even without looking at his Marshall
Saint father this qualification alone
was enough to enter blue star University
for further studies this area where
demons gather is called the jinin school
district the old professors whato Yuan
said with a smile why is it called xinan
luu subconsciously asked the word
jinshin is an expectation that when they
grow up they will go and suppress the
evil gods of all the races in the
universe the old Professor explained Lou
you couldn't help but nod no doubt about
it the students of the god suppressing
region were the Geniuses of all
Geniuses and the hope for the future of
the human race there aren't many
students over here luu swept a glance
extraordinarily empty with sparse
Shadows very normal zuo youan nodded
there are only a handful of people who
can enter the Dharma body realm before
the age of 18 luu nodded deeply
mastering inscriptions and stringing
them together is difficult indeed that's
why he's open otherwise it wouldn't have
gone so well just then in front of luu's
eyes a a prompt suddenly appeared then a
line of text slowly
emerged ha he looked away in a hurry
special Mission triggered you came to
Blue Star
University visited all the things that
blue star university has to offer and
decided to further your education here
for a period of time to further enhance
your strength after all in terms of your
current strength it's just too difficult
to reclaim what was once a human plan it
and if you're not careful you'll lose
your life in this
situation you have to be cautious and
constantly look for ways to improve
yourself in addition to your Master's
teachings this blue star
University which has cultivated compc
Geniuses is also a good place to go
stage one mission to gain the approval
of 100 classmates Mission reward Jade
Lotus root golden elixir stage two
Mission perfect the Dharma body to the
ultimate Mission reward nine turns
golden Elixir looking at the quest that
suddenly appeared in front of him luu's
eyes instantly lit up he hadn't really
thought that coming to this side of blue
star University would actually result in
unexpected gains directly triggered the
special Mission and the rewards are so
good these two golden pills just by
hearing their names felt
extraordinary it seems that the system
also knew that the difficulty of the
mission to recover the planet that the
humans had lost was just too high a but
then again this special Mission which
was not actively triggered only began to
trigger after luu arrived at Blue Star
University does this mean luu goes to
other places and triggers different
special quests it has to be said it's
quite possible
however it was useless to think about
that now he's too young for mom to let
him run around at all and it's hard to
get out of blue star the previous
reincarnation Tower was just a one-time
exception here it is zuo Yuan suddenly
said the Airship came to a slow stop in
the wide Square chapter 138 causing a
stir the secret realm of Trials why
can't we see a single person
luu couldn't help but say as he walked
through the school building because
there haven't been any big classes
lately zacha gaki explained with a smile
the big lesson luu blinked for these
Geniuses among
Geniuses blue star University's teaching
style is
apparently a little different the
so-called great lessons are when
Marshall Emperors and Marshall Kings
come to give lectures which show you on
slowly said in the entire jinshin
district there are only a hundred or so
new and old students
combined the only time these students
come over is when there's a big class
each student over here has been assigned
a Manor as a
residence which is equipped with various
service
robots as well as the most basic
cultivation grounds such as gravity
Chambers meditation
Chambers and the like so on a typical
day most of the students either meditate
in their own homes or go to break into
the secret realm of Trials and go inside
to realize the inscription tablet either
they go to other places wouldn't come
over here anyway after hearing about the
secret realm of Trials and the
inscription Stone tablet luu's eyes lit
up and he could probably understand why
his master had insisted that he come to
Blue Star
University when this combination is
paired
isn't it exactly the lowprofile version
of The Reincarnation Tower please come
with me I'll first give you an
enrollment procedure and register your
basic information zuoo smiled and said
then I'll take you on a Further tour
good luu followed the enrollment
procedures were completed quickly luu
was given a badge it has the logo of
blue star University on it and looks
classically sophisticated
but this was clearly no ordinary badge
and after luu got his hands on it a
light screen immediately popped up your
student code is number
118 you have been automatically added to
the junshin District student group with
luu's
Edition this jinshin District student
Group which was still quiet instantly
became Lively welcome to the new
students welcome welcome
it's not right what's going on today why
are there suddenly students coming in at
this hour yes it's not the time for new
student enrollment lately is it is this
freshman a breakthrough enrollment
luu that name is so familiar could it be
the son of the Marshall Saint the one
who broke through to the ninth floor of
The Reincarnation Tower not long ago I
don't think so it should just be the
same name I remember the only son of the
Marshall Sage he's only 3 years old
right how could he come to Blue Star
University 3 years old at Blue Star
University or the town God School
District you really dare to think oh
what the hell is going on L youu
freshman
bubbla the old Professor zuoo glanced at
the information in the group and
couldn't help but smile then said the
general situation in the group it wasn't
some kind of renaming this luu was the
same luu they knew when these words came
out the group which was still lively
instantly fell silent it's not really
how old is he and how did he get into
blue star
University kindergarten to top
W this is too much there were quite a
few students who expressed their
inability to understand thinking that
this was too
ridiculous even if luu was a genius he
was still only at the second
realm however there were some students
who felt that it was normal after all
luu had broken through to the ninth
floor of The Reincarnation Tower and it
made sense to break the rules for
enrollment not many people are talking
at the moment not many people know this
either
but the circle of students in the
jinshin district was that big and they
basically knew each other in just a
moment luu's name quickly spread amongst
these super
Geniuses there was no doubt about it the
news of the Marshall Saint Sun enrolling
in school caused a direct uproar this is
big news even some of the seniors who
were about to breakr to the Dharma phase
realm couldn't help but look sideways at
them it was too hard for luu to not
cause this the stir
41 he had a special status as the son of
a marshal Saint the second was that he
had broken through to the ninth floor of
The Reincarnation Tower and possessed
the posture of a martial Saint thirdly
his age is too small just over 3 years
old enrolled in the blue star martial
arts
university can be said to be
unprecedented amount of the first time
luu directly set a new record for blue
star University's enrollment age and
it's still the unprecedented kind
someone couldn't help but spread the
news which instantly caused a sensation
throughout blue star
University and even countless other
martial arts
universities for a moment countless
voices of
admiration as well as all sorts of
skepticism could be said to have greeted
him some people question how he could
enter blue star University when he was
only in the second realm it was still
the most powerful xinshan District this
was too privileged there were also
people who marveled saying that wasn't
it only natural for a Super Genius Like
luu to enter blue star University for
further studies the fact that he was
able to break through to the ninth floor
of The Reincarnation Tower meant that he
had a chance to become a marshall Saint
and if such a super genius wasn't
qualified then who else was for a while
the outside world was a buzz
Lu U however didn't care after Breaking
Through The Reincarnation Tower his Fame
was simply too great and every move he
made would cause countless concerns and
discussions it couldn't be more normal
the moment zokiki continued to show him
around the town God School District in
addition to the secret boundaries of the
trial there was also the Marshall way
collection over here
which collected all sorts of secret Arts
martial arts techniques and mental
techniques there was also a place
similar to luu's family's 10,000 laws
building and Master's family's 10,000
swords Pavilion which was called the Jun
Shojo only in both cases it's not free
and you need to pay a certain number of
credits for it
credits very
important at Blue Star
University as long as one had enough
credits one could even ask a marshall
Emperor to give them special
instructions and credits luu was a bit
surprised this is a super genius in the
Godin district and there's a fee for
that too
naturally it can be
free however charging is a bit better
zuo Yuan smiled the doorway here is not
something that can be explained in a few
words how do I get credits Lou you asked
one breaking into the secret realm of
Trials two a certain amount is given out
every month three students fight against
each other four completing some of the
school's tasks and five new student
enrollment benefits zuo youan explained
of course students can also trade
credits with each other for money and
items they need louu nodded he probably
understood that this was a motivational
strategy if everything is free it is
rather detrimental to the growth of
students after a long time zuo Yuan led
luu to an ancient Tower here it is this
is The Reincarnation Tower of our human
race zuo Yuan proudly said there are a
total of four of these towers one for
each School
District however they all lead to the
same place the secret realm of Trials
the essence of the secret realm of
Trials and The Reincarnation Tower is
the same both are a secret realm of
course this trial secret realm there's
definitely no way to compare it to the
scale of the reincarnation
Tower however for martial artists of the
fifth sixth and seventh Realms this
secret realm of Trials is even more
effective than The Reincarnation Tower
better than The Reincarnation Tower luu
couldn't help but smack his lips this
was blowing it out of
proportion right The Reincarnation Tower
was in existence that even the 10,000
races of the universe had begged for
haha you probably think I'm exagger
ating zacha gaki
smiled then he continued but it's true
the reason is simple The Reincarnation
Tower is used to screen Cosmic
Geniuses whereas our human Race's secret
realm of Trials is the crystallization
of an entire Race's Marshal Al created
specifically to nurture
Geniuses the direction is different the
effect is naturally completely different
if you can break through the first floor
then you'll know what I'm saying is true
however this first level is a bit
difficult you shouldn't be able to break
in chapter 139 human Marshall
ancestor can't even break through the
first floor luu couldn't help but blink
when he heard this this is too much you
know he had broken through to the ninth
floor of The Reincarnation Tower ranked
first among the 10,000 races of the
universe
zuo Yuan watched Lou use expression
change and naturally knew that he didn't
believe it The Reincarnation Tower you
broke into is a first realm second realm
reincarnation Tower zuo Yuan said
smilingly what if you were to break into
a fifth or sixth realm reincarnation
Tower with a second realm
cultivation would you still be able to
break through I'm afraid you wouldn't
even be able to get past the first
floor right when L you heard the this he
instantly understood what the old
Professor meant the second realm
reincarnation Tower was then several
times harder than the first realm
reincarnation Tower and the fifth and
sixth Realms of the Tower of
reincarnation are hundreds and thousands
of times more difficult than the second
realm I see Lou you nodded the old
Professor did not belittle himself no
matter how talented he was he was only
in the second realm although he had
mastered more than a 100
inscriptions and had managed to string
quite a few together and as far as
battle power was concerned he was able
to crush the fourth realm and powerfully
battle the fifth realm the disadvantage
of the realm still could not be ignored
and the threshold of this trial mystery
realm was all five Realms don't have too
much pressure zuo Yuan said with a smile
if we really let you break through the
first level the pressure will have to be
given to those freshmen
those freshmen who have been enrolled in
school for several months have yet to
pass the first level of the trial
mystery realm if you come up here and
break through what does that make them
look like although the words were said
zuoo clearly didn't believe that luu
could pass the first layer because his
realm was just too low the second realm
crosses the level to challenge a Dharma
body martial artist even the most gifted
would find it difficult to do so luu
smiled and didn't say anything else but
his eyes were filled with weariness
we'll have to try to find out if we can
break through or not just go straight in
and break in luu asked aha zuoo nodded
then gave luu some noteworthy points luu
listened attentively and then walked
into this ancient Tower as the old
Professor had said there was a water
screen in the center of the ancient
Tower walk into the water screen and
you'll be in the middle of The Secret
World of the trial this secret realm of
Trials had no concept of death even if
you die in battle you're just eliminated
out but unlike The Reincarnation Tower
it is part of the rules it's more of a
virtual world
simulation but with near perfect
results no way that place the re
Incarnation Tower was really too Heaven
defying and it was already quite
impressive for the human race to imitate
a similar one in the meantime ginin
District student group many people have
seen luu playing high and mighty and not
speaking after so long and have at
Professor zuo Yuan when zuo Yuan saw
this he somewhat helplessly replied back
to the group he went to break into the
secret realm of Trials so there's no
time to chat the group instantly boiled
over at that
comment what this is going to break into
the secret realm of Trials he's only in
the second realm how could he possibly
break through should just go and try it
out how's it going I'm going to watch it
live you have to pay credits to watch
the live stream of the secret of Trials
who's going to spell it out me me
can you give us a live text feed I'd
like to watch it but I've been going to
the Xin Shin Dojo a bit too much lately
and I'm out of credits whoever lends me
a little bit of credits I'll give him a
million star dollars as interest and
I'll pay it back in a month as the news
spread the entire blue star University
came
alive many
students even if they paid a certain
amount of credits wanted to watch luu's
breakthrough they all wanted to know if
this Super Genius who had broken through
to the ninth floor of The Reincarnation
Tower would be able to break through the
first floor of the secret realm of
Trials as soon as he came up The Secret
World of Trials a great
figure standing in the midst of the
storm the wind was howling but he was
like a statue not moving just then he
slowly opened his eyes and looked at the
person in front of him in Surprise
whom second realm he thought he had been
mistaken that the other man was too
perfectly disguised as it turned out
upon closer inspection it wasn't a
disguise at all it was indeed only the
second realm he asked with some
confusion how did the second realm come
over little fellow how did you get in
luu answered truthfully
I'm a student here to break in when he
heard this he immediately laughed and
said interesting
interesting it's been a long time since
I've met such a young student allow me
to introduce myself I am the secret Lord
of this trial secret realm you may
address me as Marshall ancestor Marshall
ancestor when Lou you heard this he
first froze and couldn't help but ask
the legendary Marshall
ancestor the one who pioneered the human
Marshall da right right right the
Marshall ancestor nodded and smiled
smugly that's right that's right it's
this Grand Master luu opened his mouth
and asked with some disbelief then how
are you still alive
wooo this was a strong person from
before the star Marshall calendar the
Starwood calendar alone is over two 0000
years old it was at least two 0000 years
before the Star Wars calendar in other
words this Marshall ancestor had lived
for at least 4,000 years the Marshall
ancestor shook his head no I died a long
time ago however I am not completely
dead not right what are you asking for
are you here to break in or are you here
to pick a fight of course I'm here to
break in luu said in a hurry good the
Marshall ancestor just waved his hand
and in midair a large door slowly opened
and he said with a smile this trial
mystery realm there are a total of nine
floors if you kid can break through the
first floor with the second realm I can
give you a little benefit
the Marshall ancestor obviously didn't
know much about the many information in
the outside world he didn't even know
that luu had broken through to the ninth
floor of The Reincarnation Tower but
what was certain was that this little
guy was definitely not
Idol yes luu nodded his head in response
he could hear that even this Marshall
ancestor didn't think that he could
break through the first layer and even
incentivized him with extra rewards luu
wanted to see how difficult the first
level of this trial mystery realm was
without
hesitation luu held the ji Shin Shing
sword stepped on the white Jade wind in
fire wheel and wore the dragon scale
battle armor fully armed and killed his
way into the first layer of the secret
realm as luu's figure disappeared the
Marshall ancestor said with some
surprise this little guy has a lot of
good
things however the realm is really too
low to utilize the original Power of
these Treasures The Secret World of
Trials the first level the ice on top of
a glacier a Dharma body Powerhouse
scorned luu haaha District second realm
how dare you come to die luu is too lazy
to talk nonsense lifting up the long
sword in his hand directly is a killing
move pull sword prison
at this moment the power of this move
was even higher than when it was on the
ninth floor of The Reincarnation Tower
in just an instant the sword prison
completely enveloped him countless sword
lights like a meat grinder madly
carrying out
strangulation in a defenseless
situation this Dharma body Powerhouse
instantly turned into a cloud of blood
Mist that's it luu felt a little too
relaxed
suddenly he sensed something was wrong
and jerked his head up chapter 140 the
godslayer sky above a figure covered in
scars appeared he narrowed his eyes and
stared at luu dead in the face daring to
come and break through the barrier at
the second realm there really is still
something this move of yours already has
the meaning of a fledgling domain pity
the force is not as good as it should be
the qual is adequate but the quantity is
way off if you are not of the second
realm but of the fourth or fifth realm
then I'm afraid I'm no match for you
with your current strength it's
impossible to win against me these
truths were naturally clear to luu at
this stage he was only at the second
realm and had yet to forge a golden body
so even if he mastered the inscriptions
and strung them together to gain an
increase in battle power but to form a
Dharma body it is simply
impossible only by forging a golden body
can one form a Dharma body and complete
the leap in energy the reasoning is
still the same with the body of the
second realm of the district breaking
into this secret realm of Trials luu is
too much of a
disadvantage the three Realms the four
Realms the golden body and the Dharma
body technically speaking luu had
crossed four levels to fight at the
moment it's hard to win against an
opponent in such a
situation no wonder neither the old
Professor nor the Marshall ancestor was
optimistic that he would be able to
break through the first layer really not
a slight on him rather it was really too
difficult for a second realm martial
artist to cross over and defeat a Dharma
body
Powerhouse but how about this Lou you
raised his head his eyes full of battle
intent not the least bit afraid even if
the enemy was strong and the Hope of
Victory was however slim he didn't think
he would lose cut the crap come fight
War beneath luu's feet the white Jade
Wind and Fire will rotated crazily as he
Le up and killed this Dharma body
Powerhouse once again blue star universe
University luu breaking into the secret
realm of Trials attracted the attention
of many students one by one
students even at the cost of credits
would watch the battle here it comes
jaia sword Emperor's extreme sword
prison pity it almost took the first
level Guardian
seconds this move he has mastered it
perfectly enough but the realm is too
low
so he simply can't bring out the power
that he was supposed to have yes in the
past when I was in the second realm
reincarnation Tower I was still able to
be
unbeatable but the Guardians of this
secret realm of Trials are actual Dharma
body
powerhouses obviously the Gap is so big
but he didn't have the slightest fear
and killed again this sword is so
beautiful extreme Lumen sword light
right it should be that sword wait I
can't believe he's getting stronger and
stronger he's got the upper hand no
could he really break through it's not
just these students who are paying
attention some teachers and professors
two are following the Battle even fo
Wang the president of blue star
University was startled he hastily
clicked on the live stream and watched
so Fierce Fong buang narrowed his eyes
stroked his beard and commented thus I
have to say this luu is very talented in
battle he knows how to utilize his
advantages it actually beat the first
floor Guardians to pass a defense for a
Time
nice that's really good
unfortunately it's just that the gap
energy is too great even though every
sword is a killing move it still can't
solve the opponent the second realm
Crossing combat Dharma body it's still
too much of a stretch it's hurt so many
times but none of the swords are fatal
wounds awesome awesome such a disparity
in Realms and still able to fight like
this no wonder you were able to break
through to the ninth floor of The
Reincarnation Tower
unfortunately the difference in Realms
is absolute if he has been unable to
strike a fatal wound it's only a matter
of time before he loses this luu should
have already realized this problem but
he still remains calm this heart is
really good The Secret World of Trials
the first layer the gatekeeper was being
pressed by luu and his face was full of
humiliation at the moment District 2
Realm
a mere second realm in a rage the first
layer of the barrier keeper his body
inscriptions bloomed with brilliant
light and his Dharma body's complete
State rapidly condensed you've provoked
me and I had no intention of bullying
you luu's face became even more grave
when he saw this scene Dharma full body
although it was not as good as the
Dharma phase on the ninth floor of The
Reincarnation Tower but it's tough
enough the moment the barrier Keeper's
body instantly skyrocketed
10-fold speed
strength
defense and allaround
attributes all at the same time
completed a Leap Forward the
situation in an instant was
reversed die The Keeper of the barrier
presses in luou you violet retreated
backwards while flipping the long sword
in his hand he also used his bottom card
kill the evil the battle just now had
made him certain that this Guardian was
an existence similar to a spirit body so
this evil cutting sword technique might
have a strange effect this instant the
sword blossomed with dazzling sword
light like a brilliant sun a golden
radiance
spreading in all directions like an
invisible chain quickly wrapped around
the barrier keeper binding his hands and
feet the guardian's face changed
drastically what the hell kind of move
is this his
movements he felt became incredibly
sluggish as if they were locked in place
by something it was like encountering a
natural enemy and fear actually arose in
his heart this evil cutting sword
technique L you just barely mastered at
this moment is just the first time to
use it did not expect the effect to be
so good he looked at the gatekeeper and
without
hesitation he directly swung his sword
killed the evil a brilliant sun was
thrown out in this instant that
gatekeeper actually detected the aura of
death unlike the previous defeats he had
a premonition that the consequence of
being hit by the sword would be very
serious the gatekeeper was in a hurry
the inscriptions on his body were
quickly strung together directly
Breaking Free of the invisible chains
and narrowly escaping the suppression of
This brilliant sun few few after
escaping into the distance the guardian
gasped for air as if he was scared half
to death his heart was constantly
slandering where did this pervert come
from ah but the second realm why could
he have so many powerful moves
outrageous it's
outrageous without the slightest
hesitation the gatekeeper directly used
a killing move he was only seen flashing
with inscriptions all over his body
which were then strung together once
more in the next instant one inscription
actually detached from the Dharma body
and quickly coalesced into a black lance
this move is called called godslayer
Lance the Guardsman stared at luu dead
in the face if you can block this move
then it's my loss this works too luu
couldn't help but be a bit surprised
when he saw the scene stringing together
inscriptions not only can you increase
your strength but you can also use
inscriptions to attack it was quite an
eye opener today luu did not think much
and swung his sword again in the
meantime
the gatekeeper violently threw out the
Lance in his hand the black lance
crossed in midair without the slightest
resistance just like a fish swimming in
the water smooth to the extreme in the
next instant it collided with luu's
sword light Boom the Collision of a
sword and a spear immediately erupted
with terrifying might the entire layer
of space Shook and the glaciers around
them rapidly collapsed chapter 141 jinin
Dojo crazy Epiphany
Rumble there was a huge
explosion the black lance was briefly
blasted back but it automatically
adjusted its angle and continued to
attack luu luu dodged the
Lance as a result continued to
track this time it was too late to dodge
again luu could only raise his sword to
par
dang this Collision immediately made luu
feel a huge force that was like a tarzen
pressing down on him a sense of
powerlessness instantly surged through
his heart is this a pure energy gap
luu's body Shook and his Consciousness
rapidly blurred blue star
University even some of the older
students were showing incredible
Expressions at this moment one by one
dead center on the live feed losing
finally lost losing is normal if I let a
second realm barge through I'm really
groundless deide gun how long has it
been since the Guardians of the first
level of the secret realm of Trials
haven't used this move I begged
this first level Guardian to use the
godslayer gun before but he didn't even
agree a what the hell is going on how is
it that the Intruder has been forced to
do this this because of that great son
that seems to be a special attack
awesome worthy of an existence that has
broken through to the ninth floor of The
Reincarnation
Tower yeah he's only at the second realm
and he nearly broke through the first
level of the secret realm of Trials it
was a wonderful battle and we even saw
the gods slaying Lance it's not a bad
way to spend the credits failed luu
slowly opened his eyes to be honest he
hadn't really thought that he had
actually failed even though he knew it
was hard and difficult he was still
confident until the appearance of the
DSi gun that move using inscriptions as
a means of attack was truly
marvelous sensing the subtlety of that
move in detail luu could not help but
Marvel in his heart I hadn't really
thought that inscriptions could be used
like this this should be the first level
keeper crushing move after leaving the
ancient Tower the old Professor whato
Yuan looked over and said
consolingly it's normal to lose after
all you're only in the second
realm however it's already very
impressive that you were able to force
the guardian of the first floor to use
the gods slaying Lance that sort of
yours it seems to be a sword technique
that specializes in restraining Spirits
zacha gaki was a little
curious aha L you nodded haha no wonder
he used the godslayer gun zuo Yuan
laughed this little guy is really
ruthless could it be that normally the
first level
Guardians wouldn't use this move luu
asked somewhat strangely when he heard
these words right
zuo Yuan nodded in recent years this is
the first time he's used the gods
slaying Lance how many students begging
him to use the gods slaying Lance he
refused to display it it's his strongest
stance all right luu nodded he probably
understood that he was the one who used
the evil slaying sword technique without
any martial virtues and that the
gatekeeper then
use the gods slaying Lance without any
Marshall virtues despite the loss the
reeside gun is visible it doesn't seem
like a loss carefully comprehending the
subtleties of that dside gun luu kind of
couldn't wait for the retreat zuo Yuan
also saw luu's thoughts why don't I take
you to the Xin Shin Dojo good luu nodded
subsequently along the way
zoso gave luu an introduction to the
secret realm of Trials the probability
of breaking through the first level
among this year's freshmen is only zero
2% it was more than normal that L you
couldn't break through and again
breaking in doesn't make a difference
most of them are killed in seconds as
soon as they come up a few were able to
pick up a few moves but we still quickly
eliminated and then there are those that
can fight back and forth before they are
finally defeated as for those who almost
won they were even fewer luu was without
a doubt considered the latter he even
forced out the DSi gun
2000s hearing this luu said with some
surprise so little aha zuoo nodded
because the secret realm of Trials is
open to all regions outside of the
jinshin school district all the new
students have failed within the jinshin
school district there are also very few
freshmen who have broken through the
first level out of the last 30 freshmen
only three of them passed the first
level of course by the sophomore stage
basically all of them have broken
through the first tier and many of them
have even broken through the second tier
and started to challenge the third tier
currently in the town God School
District the highest number of layers
among the students enrolled broke
through the seventh layer hearing this
luu blinked and asked with some
curiosity what is the approximate
strength of the guardian of the seventh
floor zuo Yuan replied it has already
stepped into the domain level fields
the realm above the Dharma body in the
Dharma phase luu couldn't help but smack
his lips sure enough he still
underestimated the heroes of the world
to no blue star
University but it had gathered the pride
of the entire human
Community this is not a small fight
during the first or second realm Lu was
still able to sweep and Crush everything
during the first and second Realms but
in Blue Star University
facing these true Heavenly Prides luu's
little strength was obviously a bit
inadequate but that's normal after all
he was only 3 years old and had only
been practicing for half a year yet it's
outrageous to be able to keep up with
the freshman in the Township School
District right now if one came up in the
secret realm of Trials and pushed all
the way across it would be very
suspicious as to how the human race had
actually dominated the universe
surprisingly even the topmost blue star
University was nothing more than that
this is naturally not very
realistic After figuring this out luu
asked with some
curiosity of all the students who had
broken through the highest layer which
layer was it hearing this question zuo
Yuan glanced at luu and said with a
smile the most powerful one broke
through the ninth floor and cleared the
enre secret Realm of the trial who Lou
you subconsciously asked your father Lu
Chang xang zuoo replied sure enough or
this answer hearing this expected answer
Lou you couldn't help but say as I
recall my father entered blue star
University at the age of 10 right zuo
Yuan also nodded he broke through the
ninth floor of the secret realm of
Trials when he was 14 years old and
about to graduate when he first enrolled
he was still in the elite school
district and didn't show much impressive
Talent it was only after a period of
enrollment that it started to Skyrocket
and improve almost every day he quickly
Rose from the elite school district to
the jinshin school district and then in
a short period of time he became the
deserved number one listening to Zio
yuan's narration luu's mind couldn't
help but recall his old dad's youthful
and spirited appearance truly a supreme
Talent here it is the Xin Shin Dojo Zio
opened his mouth and said cultivating
here requires the consumption of credits
as a new student you only have 100
credits so you can probably stay for
about 30 days you need to divide your
time wisely Lou you sniffed and nodded
slightly he didn't think much about it
and directly stepped into the god
suppressing Dojo at this moment there
were quite a few people sparsely
scattered within the dojo all of them
were sitting on their knees practicing
seriously luu chose a futon and casually
sat down only once he sat down his mind
became overwhelmed with peace at the
same time an Indescribable feeling came
over for me that's due in the meantime a
feeling of not being able to see or
touch it came over me this moment the
tiue immortal cell tiue diffractive
Dharma pill began to operate slowly in
his mind the appearance of that Gods
slaying gun surfaced once more it's like
a heavy fog being lifted luu's eyes grew
brighter and brighter he saw it
so it is so it is I got it chapter 142 a
sword breaks the pass a huge wave of
excitement reward plus more under the
triple boost of the jinin dowfield plus
tyu Immortal cell plus tiue defract
Dharma pill luu penetrated the essence
of that black lance this momentary
Epiphany allowed luu to find a whole new
angle to look at those
inscriptions it dawned on him
next Everything Is Made Easy under his
control inscription after inscription or
quickly strung together it's like water
to water accumulating Earth into
mountains and water into an abyss
countless battles in The Reincarnation
Tower many inscribe stone tablets of
Enlightenment Dharma Heaven and Earth
regicide gun everything little by
accumulates and is summarized infused at
this moment
nosis
nosis
nosis with constant
Enlightenment it's only 5 hours the 128
inscriptions that luu had mastered were
actually completely linked together an
unprecedented sense of euphoria filled
luu's heart haha he couldn't help but
laugh out loud there are times when
failure
doesn't mean it's bad this failure
allowed luu to see his shortcomings and
also the subtlety of the dside gun after
mastering the brand new method it was so
smooth to string together 128
inscriptions no doubt about it luu's
strength at this moment had once again
taken a qualitative leap I wonder if I
can break through the first layer now
with this thought luu did not hesitate
in the slightest and directly stood up
and left the Gods depressing Dojo he
decided to break into the secret realm
of Trials again but what luu didn't
expect was when he entered the secret
realm of Trials there's a surprising
line here those who came here were
freshmen from the town God School
District as well as sophomores and
juniors from other school districts when
they saw luu they were first
stunned then they greeted each other
obviously
because luu had almost broken through
the first layer it gave them a lot of
pressure and one by one they couldn't
wait to come over and break through the
trial mystery realm you can't after all
this time in school let a three-year-old
overtake you can you many people
secretly vowed in their hearts that they
would absolutely Rush ahead of luu at
this moment they were not surprised to
see luu come over again
it's all too normal to feel unconvinced
when you don't make it and want to do it
again they've done it
before but it had only been a few hours
there couldn't have been much change at
all and it was basically impossible to
break through the first
layer however it's not good to hit them
in the face and no one said anything luu
had planned to queue up to go in the
first level would allow nine people to
break through at the same time so he
wouldn't need to queue for a long time
before it was his turn as a result the
seniors were so enthusiastic that they
made way for luu to break in first under
the
hospitality luu could not afford to push
back when luu entered the first layer
and the news is not going
anywhere of course this one didn't raise
a lot of
eyebrows most of the students were
unwilling to spend credits to watch
luu's breakthrough anymore because he
had already failed once breaking in
again in such a short period of time was
simply not going to work it's only been
a few hours can strength still soar
obviously it's a doomed battle in the
meantime The Secret World of Trials the
first
layer above the glacier the first floor
Guardian looked down at luu little
little fellow of the second realm you're
here again here I go again luu said with
a smile I've gotten quite a bit of
progress after the battle earlier please
use the gods slaying Lance again ha the
gatekeeper laughed
contemptuously you're only tougher with
that sword I'll be more careful this
time even if I don't use the godslayer
Lance I'll be able to easily finish you
off okay
when Lou you heard this he stopped
talking nonsense and directly swung his
sword puman sword light under the string
of 128
inscriptions the power of this sword had
more than doubled and
tripled
originally it could only injure a layer
of
Gatekeepers but at this moment it even
directly crushed through hauh no no the
first tier of Gatekeepers reacted for a
split second but it was obviously too
late if he had used the godslayer gun
from the start he might not have been
able to fight luu but alas there are no
ifs under this sword the guardian only
resisted hard for a moment before
turning into flying dust in the last
instant his thoughts were how could that
be how long has it been and why has it
suddenly gotten so strong that's a win
luu was somewhat surprised by the power
of his sword but on second thought it's
normal the Guardians of this first level
were actually not particularly strong
the Dharma body though fully
formed actually has only 54
inscriptions the number of inscriptions
L you had mastered was almost more than
double that of his it was just that
before that it hadn't been fully strung
out plus the Gap in Realms was also too
big so that's why the fight was so
strenuous however if luu's realm was
slightly raised not to mention to the
fourth or fifth realm even if he broke
through to the Third Realm he would have
a chance to break through at this moment
stringing together 128
inscriptions his strength was
qualitatively improved so naturally he
would be able to easily
breakr just then a line of hints
appeared in front of luu's eyes you have
broken through the first level of the
trial
Mysteries next your choice is to
continue to break through or to attend
to the inscription Stone tablet looking
at the words in front of him luu did not
hesitate and chose to continue to break
through from the old professor's side he
learned that as long as he broke through
the the first layer he could refer to
the inscription Stone tablet at any time
and the time for enlightenment is
limited to 7 Days even if one fails to
break into the second level this time
will not be
reduced in that case there is no hurry
to
participate let's go first and see just
how powerful the Guardians of the second
level are in the secret realm of Trials
the sculpture like Marshall ancestor
suddenly opened his eyes
he looked up and said with some
surprise this is breaking through the
crowd in line froze at those words who
who broke through the first floor the
secret realm of Trials there were a
total of nine Realms each level capable
of allowing nine people to break through
at once in addition to luu there were
eight other people who had gone in to
break through the barrier could it be
that Chin chong broke through I think it
should be fan Shang Yang Ru is a
possibility too it should be one of
these three the crowd murmured many
people even asked Marshall ancestor
directly Grandpa wuzu who has broken
through the first floor who is he can
you tell us feeling the Curious gazes of
the crowd Marshall ancestor face was a
bit subtle as he opened his mouth to
give give the answer it's l youu the
words came out the
atmosphere which was still somewhat
Lively was instantly quiet for a moment
a pin dropped everyone's eyes widened
hardly believing their ears
previously when they heard the news they
had also thought that it might be luu
but this answer was subconsciously
ignored by them or rather deep down they
were unwilling to accept that luu had
easily surpassed them just like that
just as the hearts of the crowd were
horrified and boiling but he heard the
Marshall ancestor
continue and he only used one sword to
kill the first level
Guardian now he's breaking into the
second floor this is like a heavy bomb
there were many
Geniuses each with their mouths wide
open
their jaws almost dropping to the ground
a few hours ago when luu broke through
the first layer he was still with a
layer of
Guardians killing them only a few hours
had passed and LU you was able to kill a
layer of Gatekeepers with a single sword
did he hide his strength before no
obviously not well there's only one
possibility it was but a few hours and
he had grown again his strength directly
off the charts soon as this news got out
it quickly caused an uproar fourth shift
this chapter is a reward plus chapter
143 Jade Lotus root golden pill the news
spread quickly like
wildfire however in the blink of an eye
the entire blue star
University one by one
the celestial Pride coincidentally knew
the news l u the son of the Marshall
Saint had just arrived at the school on
his first day and had broken through the
first level of the secret realm of
trials that news alone was enough of a
surprise and then you're telling me that
with just a single stroke of his sword
he decimated the guardian and directly
crushed him this is too fake a number of
people watched the live stream hours ear
ier at that time luu had used all of his
killing moves and used all of his
strength but he had not been able to
break through the first layer in fact it
was normal that he didn't break through
after all he was only in the second
realm even if his talent was high it
couldn't make up for the Gap in the
realm but now only a few hours had
passed and he had broken through the
first floor in a crushing manner
how is that possible when the crowd
heard the news their first reaction was
disbelief because this news completely
defies their perception I'll be damned
if I'm going to believe it soon someone
had gone to check the records of the
trial mystery Realms
breakthroughs and it was clear to see
that luu had already broken through the
first layer and was currently killing on
the second layer no such fake news but
it's actually true no doubt about it the
entire blue star University quickly
boiled over group chats in various
school districts it was a hoot what's
going on what the hell it's only been
about 5 hours how did this L you
suddenly become so strong I don't
understand I can't understand at all
this growth rate it's too fast I figured
it out I know what's going on what's
going on come on tell me don't keep me
in
suspense you guys should remember when
he broke into The Reincarnation Tower
before right that was when he was like
this the growth rate was
extraordinary almost every once in a
while there were Leaps and Bounds of
improvement when he broke into the first
realm reincarnation Tower he had only
mastered a dozen or so
inscriptions but it turned out that in
the blink of an eye he had mastered
dozens
hundreds the growth is too fast right
when he first broke into the one realm
reincarnation Tower he only made it to
the end of the seventh floor and failed
to break through at that time the first
place winner of the one realm
reincarnation Tower was a genius from
the seag god Clan he was the only one
who made it to the eighth floor that's
right that Genius of the sea god Clan
even declared war on luu three times but
in the end when they really fought they
were directly crushed because that month
luu grew again yes when he started to
break into the second realm
reincarnation Tower luu's strength was
still growing
eventually he managed to break through
to the ninth floor in fact if you think
about it
carefully his growth rate is so horrible
just watch the live broadcast when there
is no sense of reality and now
personally experience his growth rate
only to feel incomparable horror
asterisk asterisk asterisk asterisk
sounds reasonable to me when I hear you
say it
outrageous I think it's reasonable too
whom Fong Guang the president of blue
star
University was also stunned when he
heard this news even he found it
unbelievable Fong Wang hurriedly called
up the Breakthrough video to take a look
and it really was just like the rumors
just one sword and he passed the first
level this is actually real looking at
the image in front of him f sced in
amazement this kind of natural Talent is
really
outrageous it's only been 5 hours and
it's gotten so much stronger simply it's
like being open Fong Wang hurriedly
watched luu's breakthrough live on the
second level the difficulty is much
higher than the first the Dharma body
powerhouses at the second level had a
full 101 inscriptions on their bodies at
the moment he was killing with luu it
was only after more than 100 rounds that
he was able to suppress luu by virtue of
his realm Advantage seeing this scene
Fang's eyelids suddenly jumped this guy
he won't go cultivate for a few more
hours and then break through the second
layer right at this rate of growth next
year he could even participate in the
10,000 races Heavens Pride battle and
fight for the human race for a whisp of
civilization's flame no no no I think
too much it shouldn't be
defeated pity luu shook his head his
expression filled with regret as he
shook his head inside I thought that I
could rush through the second layer in
one breath the result is still a little
short if only I had raised my realm
slightly upwards
raising to the Third Realm should be
enough to break through it's still too
much of a disadvantage to break through
with the second realm next in addition
to inscription Mastery I'll have to try
to raise my realm as much as possible
but first let's go to the first level of
the inscription Stone tablet just as luu
was thinking this he suddenly saw the
quest prompt appear ha stage one Mission
obtaining the approval of 100 students
has been completed Mission reward Jade
Lotus root golden
Elixir has been issued that's the job
done luu was a bit
surprised he knew that this task wasn't
difficult but he still didn't expect
that it would be done so quickly just by
passing the first level he was
recognized by 100 of his
classmates he had thought that he would
have to break through to at least the
second or even the third level luu
didn't think much about it and hastily
glanced at the item description Jade
Lotus root gold pill rank eighth quality
excellent type
consumable effects after taking it it
can increase your life expectancy by an
additional 100 years and further raise
the upper limit of your
foundation as well as drastically
increase the strength of your physical
body description a superior golden El
ERT that can be taken by even Ordinary
People just that it will take an
extremely long time to fully digest it
luu's eyes lit up I have to say the
difficulty of the quest is low but the
rewards are not subtle at all real good
stuff whether it was to increase the
lifespan enhance the
foundation or increase the strength of
the physical body it was an incomparable
effect the bottom line is that this
stuff works for Ordinary People prior to
this luou U's
Foundation after being transformed by
the da embo Dan as well as the Dragon
Tiger golden Dan was already top-notch
enough but compared to those in the
universe which were extremely special
and rare strange beings they were still
slightly
inferior after Breaking Through The
Reincarnation Tower once it allowed luu
to raise his Horizons quite a bit
knowing very well where the flaws and
strengths of the human race lay if one
could gradually grow into a hexagonal
warrior with these gindin one would
certainly be Invincible in the future
the Great Hall of inscribed stones stone
monument after stone monument erected
left and right the monolith is inscribed
with
inscriptions this was the heartfelt work
of a marshall emperor in the lower right
corner of the stone tablet
It Was Written the time when the stone
tablet was carved as well as the names
of those Marshall Emperors Leu just
swept a glance and found the names Lu
Chang Chang as well as Joe wuan on the
stone tablet there are 31 stone tablets
in all from the hand of Pops there are
also 18 stone tablets from the Master's
Hand luu almost immersed himself in it
after just a brief visit and couldn't
help but want to have an
epiphany nice place sure is a great
place no wonder the old professor said
for martial artists of the fifth sixth
and seventh Realms this secret realm of
Trials is even more effective than The
Reincarnation Tower this is not true
chapter 144 4 years old finally no
longer 3 years old but why does only
have seven days to enroll on second
thought Lou you vaguely understood the
reason reason if one is overly
influenced by another person's towel
then it's hard to get out of your own
way in severe cases the foundation can
even be shaken after all even if you
follow the path of your
predecessors you can't be completely
immersed in it without having a little
something of your own whether it was The
Reincarnation Tower or the secret realm
of Trials there was a time limit for
comprehending these stone tablets for
this reason
after thinking about this point luu no
longer felt sorry he sat down on his
knees and began to observe these
inscribed stone tablets at the same time
the tiue immortal cell tyu diffractive
daradan began to slowly operate under
the influence of these two Treasures the
originally obscure and difficult to
understand inscriptions on this piece of
stone tablet gradually became simple and
clear luu could clearly sense that there
were quite a few differences between the
inscription Stone tablet carved by the
human powerhouses and the inscription
Stone tablet of The Reincarnation Tower
what's the difference to make a simple
analogy the inscribed stone tablets of
The Reincarnation Tower were like
textbooks the human inscribed tablets on
the other hand are like
tutorials the
former providing systematic foundational
Knowledge and Skills is the core
material for teaching and learning the
latter used to consolidate and expand on
textbook points provides more in-depth
explanations the nature is different but
the general direction is the same what
if validated each other for
enlightenment the thought flickered luu
was a little
heartbroken try it luu closed his eyes
and tried to recall the Dow Rhythm of
the inscribed stone tet of The
Reincarnation Tower then he opened his
eyes again and attempted to refer to the
inscription Stone tablet in front of him
a few hours later his eyes grew bright
sure enough it worked
wonders but it's a very difficult method
to concurrently comprehend two types of
inscription stone tablets was difficult
to do even for someone whose
Enlightenment was Heaven defying luu was
the only one who barely succeeded with
the added power of the tiue Immortal
cells and the tiue defraction pill have
to say the effect of this kind of
Enlightenment is just too good in just a
few hours luu had mastered four
inscriptions it felt as easy as eating
and drinking while the feeling is still
there continue to
participate luu pressed down his
excitement and continued to begin his
Enlightenment it was seven days in the
blink of an eye on that day in the god
suppressing dojo in just 5 hours 128
inscriptions were strung together
allowing strength to
Skyrocket it's the
accumulation the
sublimation of months after that it's
just a matter of reaccumulated
slowly as a result this cultivation
speed was not even the slightest bit
slow in 7 days he had enumerated total
of 52
inscriptions now the number of
inscriptions he had mastered was
180 that number is scary the vast
majority of Dharma body powerhouses
didn't master that many
inscriptions the ultimate in theoretical
Dharma is 199
inscriptions but luu vaguely felt it's
someone else's ceiling not their own
ceiling the reason was simple generally
speaking
after mastering a 100
inscriptions the further one goes the
more difficult it becomes but luu didn't
even feel that there was a so-called
bottleneck present when he slowly opened
his eyes they were full of intent but in
seven days his strength once again
changed
qualitatively it should be possible to
break through the second level of the
trial mystery realm now but but luu was
in no hurry to break in progress is so
fast it's almost flying he needs to sink
his teeth into it the path of martial
arts after all needed to be taken one
step at a time in addition to
Enlightenment he also needed realm
advancement stopping at the second realm
all the time was just too embarrassing
find a way to finish quenching the sinus
before saying anything
time is like running water slipping by
unnoticed at your
fingertips these days L you could be
described as extraordinarily
fulfilling
cultivate Enlighten and learn about
soldiers
occasionally he also had to discuss War
matters with
XI the commander-in-chief of the taiway
Starfield war zone luu was not a class
act with his own three-legged skills
commanding the battle line to be pushed
forward by 60 cm and the muzzle of the
gun to be adjusted upward by
15° this is the kind of stupid thing he
would never do if he really did it then
jaia wouldn't have discussed it with him
the vast majority of luu's remarks had
been borrowed wholesale from his
master's critique without changing a
single word with each exchange luu could
sense that g GS seemed to know this as
well he he purposely threw out quite a
few questions to ask luu luu said to
think for a while xiia then said there's
no rush take your time to think about it
and give me an answer when you have the
results then after Lou you took the
question to the Master's side Xiao wuan
just glanced at him what that look meant
was almost
self-evident it was obvious that both
master and JIA were aware of each
other's existence
however both sides had a tacid
understanding and did not poke through
this layer of paper still using luu as a
messenger jaia was for the Frontline War
situation and needed the advice of a
high-ranking person like xiaan Yuan
xiaan Yuan on the other hand was simply
itching for technique and couldn't help
but cast some as for luu he was trying
to complete his main quest to recover
the planet no doubt about it
it's a win-win-win situation under luu's
persistent
messaging the situation at the front
line had really improved in the blink of
an eye it's time for the end of the year
a living planet was successfully
recovered this is the first time in
recent years that the human Community
has blown a
Counterattack XI performance for the
upcoming New Year an early
congratulatory gift for a Time the
entire human race was
energized Lu you also felt a surge of
emotion and a sense of accomplishment
after hearing this news
granted it had very little to do with
him but as a messenger more or less it
was a bit of a credit if it wasn't for
him jawanan wouldn't have been able to
answer ja's various questions without
reservation and offer him all sorts of
advice just don't know does this count
as completing the systems Mission luu
glanced at the system prompt the news of
the planets recapture had been coming in
for a while now but this system hadn't
moved much does it not count towards the
progress of the mission because you were
so little involved that's pretty much
the pits Lou you frowned a few more days
passed in the blink of an eye the new
year is here the year was 2068 of the
star Marshall calendar
on this day luu is 4 years old he's
grown up another year older finally no
longer 3 years old just as Lou you was
lamenting The Prompt for the system
Quest appeared whom Lou you hurriedly
looked over with your help the human
race has successfully recovered a living
planet Mission reward Jade bone pill has
been issued
looking at the words in front of him luu
was slightly stunned it actually counts
when the system didn't move the other
day he thought that it didn't count
because his participation was so small I
didn't realize that just a few days
later the system actually changed its
mind nope it shouldn't be that the
system has changed its mind Lu you
guessed it was possible that the living
planet that had just been recovered
still had variables that existed and
hadn't been completely
stabilized so the system ruled that the
mission hadn't been completed a few days
past the recovered planets the situation
was completely
stabilized and the mission was naturally
completed of course he can't be sure of
the specifics but can only make a guess
or to anyway the mission can be
accomplished is all happy this Jade bone
pill what is the effect and its name
does it have anything to do with it
chapter 145 can it be true Lou you
hurriedly glanced at the details of this
Jade bone pill Jade bone pill rank
eighth quality excellent type
consumable effects after taking it it
can help people change their roots and
Bones so that the roots and Bon bones
can be slowly transformed from ordinary
grade to the highest grade of Jade bones
description a marvelous Elixir that can
be used by ordinary people with
breathtaking effects it's a Pity that
the formula has been lost long ago and
there are fewer and fewer of them to use
looking at the words in front of him
luu's eyes lit up good stuff it was
quite a
snooze the effects of this Jade bone
pill were really just like its name
it can change the root bone it was not
in vain that he had been looking forward
to it for so long in these months of
cultivation the stage of exercising his
sinus and Bones he had already gone
through all of them and would have been
able to break through to the third stage
long ago but the problem was that he
wasn't willing to break through just
like that the vast majority of aspiring
martial artists would choose to stay at
the second realm and continue to raise
the level of bone forging
copper bone iron bone steel bone Adam
manting bone and even the final return
of Jade bone this process of cultivation
was so tedious that it took a long time
and repeated beatings to make progress
in a normal person it might take a
decade to polish to steal bones even
someone with great talent would need to
spend a great deal of time to cultivate
a jade bone this is such a waste of time
that that's why the average genius who
had cultivated to the vdra Bone stage
would choose to break through to the
third stage luu had gone through the
transformation of Da embryo Dan Dragon
Tiger golden Dan and Jade Lotus root
golden Dan and this body
qualification had long been
transformed so the process was much
faster than the average person but even
then it was just barely in the steel
bone stage
there was still a long way to go before
the Jade bone and it would take at least
2 years or so at this moment with this
Jade bone pill he could finally skip
this tedious process if he had known the
effects of this Jade bone pill he would
have broken through long ago but the
time wasn't really wasted at the very
least advancing from steel bone to Jade
bone stage was definitely quite a bit
faster than copper bone to Jade bone
New Year's Eve dinner luu enjoyed the
delicious food while chatting with his
old mom by Yu yaow Mom I'm 4 years old
this year L you said yeah what's wrong
by Yu ya glanced at him I won't be a
three-year-old anymore you can't spank
me anymore luu said
seriously BYU ya smiled and said indeed
it's not not a three-year-old anymore
it's a four-year-old now no luu shook
his head I mean I've grown up when you
stop fooling around that means you've
really grown up by yuyo said I haven't
fooled around in a long time Lu you
thought for a moment and said
besides if you beat me up again it will
be a great loss to my Prestige and it
will be hard to coales in the future
Prestige hearing this bayya was
speechless for a while as she said with
some amusement it's been a long time
since you fooled around and hasn't it
been a long time since I've hit you and
beat me up a month ago Lou you muttered
why did you get hit by Yu Yao glanced at
him I got rid of the violence and helped
to uphold Justice and as a result you
actually beat me up
Lu you Bean full of
resentment although it had been a long
time since the incident he still had a
grudge about it getting rid of violence
and upholding Justice hearing this bayu
ya was speechless as she said those few
young brats from the Marshall kingk
family they were used to being arrogant
and domineering bullying People based on
their power it's not even if you stepped
in and slightly punished them
but as a result you directly beat them
half to death so much so that their
psychological Shadows came out and they
didn't even dare to leave the house for
a few months afterward at that time if
someone didn't stop them they would have
all been killed by you to strike so
fiercely you tell me that this is called
getting rid of violence and upholding
Justice you still want me not to be
angry on that day several Juniors of the
Marshall King's family in their late
teens and early 20s a few of them
couldn't beat luu alone and their shits
were beaten out of them nearly dying in
luu's hands luu directly hit the heck
out of the air because things had gone
too far bayya was very afraid that luu
would really kill these people next time
how old is he that starts the killing
what's it going to be like this could
never go on so he went straight for it
and told luu's ass to Blossom again when
luu heard this he thought for a moment
and said it's true that I've been a bit
heavy-handed however it's they who are
at fault first if I don't hit them
harder they won't even know where
they're wrong where did they go wrong by
yyo asked after more than a month
talking about this matter again
she calmed down quite a bit and could
reason with luu properly martial
artists they exist to protect the week
definitely not to bully the week luu
said
seriously bayuda froze when she heard
this and subconsciously glanced at Lu
Chang Shang who hadn't said anything LU
Chang xang smiled and nodded pretty
words after pretty words Bay yuyo said
indifferently if you can always remember
the words you say
I won't beat you up really luu's eyes
lit up many parents always belittling
their children they believe that
children will always be children even if
they believe the words of
Outsiders they are not willing to
believe what their own children say even
if the child is a child prodigy he still
does not take his words seriously there
are not a few cases like this so
it's still hard to earn your parents
square and even harder to build up your
Authority good on as luu continued to
reveal himself and became stronger and
stronger he gradually gained this proper
attention that's a good start new year
new spirit the originally cold and clear
Marshall Saint residence became Lively
once again inside the yagang Pavilion
the group of Heroes once again gathered
luu sat in the upper seat enjoying the
bragging rights of the Dasha group
unfortunately the little guys the ass
kissing is a little off doesn't a single
person see that the recovery of the
human planet has something to do with
them whether it was yanching or
chuang
surprisingly neither of them had
noticed that's not enough
Enlightenment luu shook his head and
slowly opened his mouth you may not know
that I have a part to play in recovering
the Fallen planets of the human race
this time and it was me who prompted all
of this to happen as soon as these words
came out the group of kid Brothers froze
for a moment each of them staring
incredulously they all know big brother
is awesome it's the genius of
geniuses but this is too much such a
Frontline war effort it is the result of
countless generals and soldiers taking
their lives to fight out how dare big
brother say that it was he who prompted
all this for a while within yagang
Pavilion it actually gradually became
quiet even the Marshall Emperor who was
watching the show outside froze for a
moment and couldn't help but shake his
head as he chuckled this L youu he's
still just as fond of boasting as he was
a year ago a marshall King on the side
nodded that's right even this credit has
to be taken on him a bit too much kids
it's harmless to casually brag about it
there were also people who shook their
heads in
disbelief not feeling that this was
anything at all
obviously these Marshall Kings and
Marshall Emperors who were watching the
show didn't even think that this matter
really had anything to do with luu
because it's
ridiculous inside the yagang Pavilion
yuguan Ching was surprised
but he hurriedly praised I knew that
this matter must have something to do
with big brother I remember a long time
ago big brother asked us how to recover
those Fallen
planets right xuong nodded this matter
it might really be related to big
brother but unlike
before this time there weren't many
responders for a moment the atmosphere
was actually slightly awkward just then
ja Meo Yuen who was sitting in the
corner suddenly stood up my father also
told me that recovering those Fallen
planets Big Brother deserves a lot of
credit the moment these words came out
within the yawang Pavilion it was
instantly quiet everyone subconsciously
looked at J me Yuan ha really not to
mention this group of kid Brothers even
the Marshal Emperors and Marshall Kings
outside were confused and one couldn't
help but stare it's not this little guy
seems to be xiu's son what does he mean
by that can it even be true chapter 146
10,000 Clans Heavens Pride battle
feeling the gazes of the crowd XY yaa
Yuan was a little nervous
but he wasn't vain because those words
are true dad had mentioned it more than
once when he was on a video call with
him xuan swallowed a mouthful of spit
and continued maybe everyone is a little
surprised but this matter
indeed is true my father once told me
personally that if it wasn't for luu it
would have been difficult to recover the
Fallen planets of the human race his
existence is very
important after a pause J Yuen continued
my father also said that he'll be back
to receive his medal in a few days and
he's brought back a special gift to give
to Big Brother only after these words
were said the entire yaguang Pavilion
immediately boiled over even yaning
looked at luu with
disbelief although he had just said that
there was still a little bit of of doubt
in his heart but he didn't expect it to
be true definitely don't doubt it next
time XU young even opened his mouth his
own bold guess was indeed true at this
moment a kid brother all incredibly
looked at luu so outrageous things are
true a Euro Euro then the next time big
brother says something
outrageous they won't even suspect it
anymore
in the
meantime the several Marshall Kings and
Marshall Emperors
outside after hearing these words each
of them opened their mouths and looked
at each other in
dismay ha it's actually true this I'll
ask brother XI he just happens to be in
ask ask back not back yet what did he
say
he said that luu the son of the Marshall
Sage family does have a lot of credit
without him it really wouldn't have
worked hauh not these few Marshall Kings
and Marshal
Emperors upon hearing this news all of
them went numb this kind of glance is
false news and you're telling me that
it's actually true inside the yagang
Pavilion l was in a very good mood as he
enjoyed the crowd's boasting it's been a
couple months his progress is very
exaggerated inscriptions mastered
266 tandem has 199 of them the realm
also broke through to the Third Realm a
body of Steel bones was also gradually
metamorphosed under the effect of the
Jade
bonan according to the current progress
it would take at most half a year to
have a jade bone and as for the command
of military Affairs there is even more
progress although it was still no match
for master xia
wuan at least it wasn't completely
incapable of fighting back also the
relationship with XI is getting better
just now Jaa Yuan said that he would
give himself a gift when he came back
what could it be luu was kind of looking
forward to it right at this moment
someone spoke up and asked in a few
months the 40y yearly 10,000 Clans
Heavens Pride battle will begin is Big
Brother going to
participate the 10,000 Clans Heavens
Pride battle the moment these words came
out the yagang Pavilion was once again
bustling with activity luu raised an
eyebrow he had heard of this 10,000
Clans Heavens Pride battle just from the
name you can get a good idea
the battle of the Heavenly pride of all
the races of the
universe just then a prompt for the
quest suddenly appeared in front of
luu's eyes special Mission triggered luu
froze for a moment and looked at the
system panel with some
surprise just today you heard the news
that there are still a few months to go
before the 40 years Battle of the 10,000
Clans Heavens Pride will begin thinking
back to 40 years ago when you were were
still young the human race was almost
defeated in that heaven Pride battle and
failed to get a strand of the flame of
civilization this serves as one of the
triggers so that the human race which
was originally as strong as the sun and
incomparably Powerful gradually began to
go
downhill it also puts a heavier burden
on your father now that 40 years have
passed you secretly swear in your heart
that the tragedy of 40 years ago will
never be repeated
you're going to change all that with
your own hands stage one mission to
qualify for the 10,000 Clans Heavenly
Pride battle Mission reward five
impregnated Elixir phase two mission to
kill the finalists and enter the main
stage Mission reward nine Leaf Elixir
stage three Mission make a name for
yourself in the main competition and
enter the top 16 of the 10,000 clans of
heavenly Pride Mission reward lunar
syrup stage four mission Ascend to the
first place of the 10,000 races Heavenly
Pride win the champion of the Heavenly
Pride battle and fight for the human
race for the biggest Ray of civilization
fire mission reward Tha purple gold pill
luu couldn't help but open his mouth as
he looked at the mission introduction in
front of him that was something he
hadn't really expected it's amazing how
a mission 40 years later overlaps with
40 years ago today the system panel says
40 years ago in the heavens Pride battle
he was still young and the human race
was defeated failing to obtain a strand
of the flame of
civilization which was one of the
triggers for the downward spiral isn't
that exactly what's happening now yet
luu's heartbeat inexplicably
accelerated he felt himself gradually
touching on the truth that 40 years
later the human Community had gone
downhill and pops was so tired the
defection of his master Xiao Wan Yuan
was one of the
reasons this 10,000 Clans Heavens Pride
battle was also one of the reasons but
now this hasn't happened yet luu
narrowed his eyes as it is he's
definitely going to change all that but
this Mission
obviously is not simple it's a challenge
for myself 40 years from now let alone
now the thought flickered at this moment
within the Yao Guang Pavilion the crowd
was even more vocal centering around
this 10,000 rac's Heaven Pride battle
starting a rather heated discussion are
you kidding me big brother is only at
the Third Realm how can he go to the
10,000 Clans Heavens Pride battle yes
although big brother is very strong
number one in the second realm Universe
the 10,000 Clans Heavenly Pride battle
all the contestants are at the peak of
the fifth realm Dharma body if only
another 10 years had passed before the
10,000 Clans Heavens Pride battle began
Lu you also recalled the origin of this
10,000 Clans Heavens Pride battle it was
a special Relic left behind by the
reverse entropy civilization of the
previous
reincarnation Legend has it that this
reverse entropy
civilization at its peak held 3 million
living planets the special relics they
left behind are open every 40 years for
the 10,000 races Heavens Pride battle
each
Community whether strong or weak can
only have 10 spots at the same time the
10,000 Clans Heavens Pride battle had
strict requirements for Realms and those
above the fifth realm were prohibited
from
participating limit the fifth realm of
course if you're below the fifth realm
then no one cares but that doesn't
usually happen in addition there are
certain requirements for age which when
converted to the age of the adult
population must not exceed a maximum of
48 years as for being too young again
there is no limit
who would let a little guy below the
fifth realm serve food after all the
quota was limited and every tribe hoped
that their own tribes Pride would rush
to the top and get the final reward the
flame of
civilization the fire of
civilization which is one of the key
factors in the prosperity of a civilized
Community it was of little use to those
heavenly Prides but it was vital to an
entire Community to put it another way
the of civilization is the super
Invincible enhanced version of national
Fortune chapter 147 golden body bead the
importance of the fire of civilization
is almost
self-evident no doubt about it the
10,000 races of the universe treated the
10,000 races Heavens Pride battle with
more importance Than The Reincarnation
Tower The Reincarnation Tower breaks
into the top rankings and only gives one
supreme treasure even the first place is
still one
but the quality of the Supreme treasure
is a bit better for an
individual a supreme treasure was
certainly a top-notch treasure that
could not be
obtained however for an entire civilized
group a single Supreme treasure was
simply
insignificant a whsp of civilization's
flame even if it was weak was more
precious than a supreme treasure but
it's precisely because it's so precious
the competition among the 10,000 races
of the universe was sure to be
unprecedentedly fierce trying to get a
top spot the difficulty is high very
high luu was well aware of this he's
strong now though but after all it was
only the Third Realm challenging a group
of fifth realm Heavens Pride across
levels still want to get a top ranking
or even the first of all Races
hard hard hard compared to The
Reincarnation Tower how is it even a
little bit more difficult the first few
missions which L you could still take
advantage of and complete with
difficulty were much much lower than 40
years later but the task on the contrary
is more difficult than it will be 40
years from now but even so difficult ult
luu however did not have the slightest
fear the harder it is the more it made
him battle hardened Dad what's wrong I
want to participate in the 10,000 Clans
Heavens Pride battle ha hearing these
words Lu Chong xong who was originally
reading a book couldn't help but turn
his head to look at luu his eyes filled
with dismay you right luu raised his
head do you know the difficulty of the
10,000 Clans Heavens Pride battle Lu
changing asked with a smile I know that
the
participants without exception are all
Peak Dharma body Lou you
nodded yes and for each Clan there are
only 10 spots Lu Chang xang nodded if
you participate and have a round trip
you will be scolded
miserably I know luu nodded but I still
want to
participate I want to fight for a flame
of civilization for the human race Lu
Chang Shing smiled and shook his head
your idea is good but I'm afraid you'll
have a hard time fighting for it I'm not
knocking you but I'm objectively
describing a fact you're only at the
Third Realm now
the Gap and energy is too great the two
sides aren't on the same level at all
it's destined to be difficult to beat
those fifth realm Celestial Pride
moreover it's not just the realm that
the five Realms Heavenly pride is strong
in this is just one of the gaps let me
ask you how many inscriptions have you
mastered now hearing this luu
immediately replied 266
those fifth realm Celestial Pride may
have already grasped Lu Chang Shang
subconsciously said the words only
exported realized that it is not right
he froze for a moment frowned and looked
at luu how much how much did you say 266
inscriptions L you
replied then
repeated I've mastered 266 in Des
criptions Lu Chong xen he could tell
that luu wasn't joking this is
serious still he couldn't help but ask
really luu blinked and nodded aha Lu
changing touched luu's head and then
directly confirmed this luu did not lie
it is really 266
inscriptions but how long has it been
and you've already mastered Ed 266
inscriptions it's too much although the
last time the reincarnation Tower L use
many
performances Lu changing is in the eyes
of the eyes saying that a sentence of
astonishment martial arts Saint is not
at all excessive but the question is how
long has this been going on just half a
year the number of
inscriptions it just doubled you have to
know that the more you get to the back
of something like an inscription the
more difficult it
becomes 199
inscriptions
moreover stops the upper limit of the
vast majority of celestial Pride as a
result it was as if luu did not have the
slightest bottleneck and with only half
a Year's effort he had mastered 266
inscriptions it's me as a father who is
irresponsible I didn't expect your
progress to be so fast Lu changing
couldn't help but say with emotion you
are usually too busy it's normal for me
to not know about this little thing Lu
you wouldn't act like an ordinary Child
complaining about his old dad's
irresponsibility and not caring about
himself at all this could be said by Lu
Chong xong but if he said it then it
would definitely not work Lu Chang Chang
was was not only his father but also the
Marshall saint of the entire human race
hearing this Lu Chang Chang nodded with
some relief then after a moment of
thought he spoke it's not impossible for
you to participate in the 10,000 Clans
Heavens Pride battle luu did not rejoice
when he heard this he knew that there
must be conditions dad hadn't even
finished saying that sure enough l
continued however you'll have to break
through the seventh level of blue star
University's trial Mystic realm only
then will you convince everyone the
seventh level of the secret realm of
Trials luu was stunned when he heard
this it had been a long time since he
had ventured into the secret realm of
Trials but the difficulty of the secret
realm of Trials was
extraordinary at the seventh level the
field has been in involved think it's
hard Lu Chang Shing subconsciously asked
Lu you nodded just feel that it's
difficult Lu Chang xang smiled faintly
even though you've mastered 266
inscriptions now it's still impossible
for you to break through the seventh
floor but I've heard about it and
there's already someone in Blue Star
University who's broken through the
seventh floor but this seventh layer
when placed in the Heavenly Pride of the
10,000 races of the universe is nothing
more than an ordinary level if you can't
reach this level going to the 10,000
Clans Heavens Pride battle won't be for
nothing don't say indeed this is the
truth the old Professor had said that
among the current students of blue star
University the highest record of
breaking through the barrier was the
seventh
floor however the system panel recorded
that 40 years ago that is this time in
the 10,000 rac's Heavenly Pride battle
the human rac's Heavenly Pride Was
Defeated not even a single strand of the
flame of civilization was
contested if luu couldn't even break
through the seventh floor then it would
be better not to go and disgrace himself
luu furrowed his brows his expression
becoming grave Lu Chang Chang looked at
the little guy's heavy face and said
with a
smile however since you want to go to
the 10,000 Clans Heavens Pride battle to
make a break for it I can give you
something that will make the realm Gap
not so big what is it luu hurriedly
raised his head and asked
curiously golden body bead Lu Chang
Chang casually took out a small golden
bead and
explained this thing allows you to use
energy at the level of the golden body
Realm although it's still not as good as
the Dharma body realm at least the Gap
isn't that big luu's eyes lit up there's
such a good thing well this thing was
specially refined by me a long long time
ago Lu Chang Shang slowly said
originally my idea was to create golden
body martial artists out in bulk as a
result a martial artist of a low realm
will not only fail to grasp this ring
energy but will also cause some damage
to himself so he can only give up for
now I didn't think it would be used on
you after all this time you've already
mastered 266
inscriptions controlling this energy
shouldn't be too much of a problem come
on try it chapter 148 the Marshall
Sage's teaching luu nodded and took the
golden body bead handed over by Lu Chang
xang then he followed the methods and
steps taught by his old dad leaving his
spiritual imprint in this bead and then
gradually receiving the energy of this
golden body bead it was as if an
external energy source had been turned
on and a wave of furious energy
gradually surged into luu's body if
luu's previous Chi and blood power was
like a trickling stream then at this
moment this energy was a Rushing River
the magnitude of the two sides is simply
not on the same level
the berserk energy recklessly flushed
luu's tendons and limbs this is the
energy of the golden body realm Lou you
couldn't help but sigh no wonder it was
so tough when they went to break into
the secret realm of Trials before I knew
there was a gap in energy I didn't
realize it was so much worse the energy
was so overwhelming that it seemed like
it was going to go berserk the next
second but the moment they were about to
go berserk the inscriptions that luu had
mastered quickly
surfaced this one inscription was like a
sea Pearl allowing the Raging energy to
gradually become calm and
controllable it worked luu felt this
huge energy and was slightly
uncomfortable but it's a bit
uncomfortable it's good to get used to
it for a while Lu Chang Shang said
without thinking good luu nodded and
then put his question and asked Dad back
when you were at Blue Star
University you broke through the ninth
layer of the secret realm of Trials how
did you do that with the posture of the
fifth realm he passed through the nine
layers of the secret realm of Trials
defeating those Guardians who controlled
the realm this war record it's really
not a general
exaggeration you know all this when
Chang Shang heard this he smiled and
said actually it's hard to say it's hard
but it's not hard to say it's hard the
five Realms of
cultivation though only the golden body
and Dharma body but you have to know
that this thing called inscription is
the root of Dharma bodies Dharma phases
and even
domains this means that you will be able
to cast a Dharma phase and unfolded
domain even when you are in the fifth
Realm don't be limited by the realm for
example the current you who is clearly
only in the Third Realm has mastered 266
inscriptions although you are unable to
form a Dharma body the many inscriptions
still bring you a powerful increase in
your battle power allowing you to
challenge the fifth realm over the
levels even those ordinary fifth Realms
are not even a match for you without a
golden body the Dharma body cannot be
condensed but you can take the step of
the Dharma body and directly condense
the Dharma phase and control the domain
when luu heard these words he
subconsciously said this is okay why not
Lu Chang Chang smiled you mastered
inscriptions when you were in the second
realm now that you're in the Third Realm
and have mastered 266
inscriptions you don't dare to continue
onward instead and what sense does that
make I see luu nodded with an educated
look it's good that you understand Lu
Chang Chang smiled come with me to the
house of 10,000 laws and I'll give you a
lecture on the nature of Dharma phases
and
domains after knowing luu's idea of
planning to participate in the 10,000
Clans Heavenly Pride battle Lu changing
naturally had to support it the golden
body beads just make up the volume Gap
but there is a gap in the qualitative
aspect as well
naturally he had to be properly puzzled
luu was slightly stunned when he heard
this all along pops had always adopted a
Freer range attitude towards his
cultivation he rarely instructed
luu this moment is a first this made luu
inexplicably a little excited he
followed popson in a short while he
arrived at the manifestation building
pushing open the heavy door he walked
into the 10,000 laws building and only
when his footsteps fell there was a
fluctuation in the surrounding space
just like last time luu arrived in a
marvelous space the sky consisted of
countless densely written words there
were tens of thousands of martial arts
books floating around in different forms
Lu Chang xang looked around and said
with a smile this 10,000 laws buil
building I built it casually in my early
years in addition to the use of
Enlightenment there is also the use of
teaching in the past you were still
young and did not know what the tow was
when I saw that you were gifted in the
da of the sword I allowed you to be
under brother when you wants
tutelage I didn't expect you to progress
so fast and grow to this point in a
short period of time today I will teach
you the Dow and give you a clear
explanation of the nature of the Dharma
phases and domains so be still and
listen to me as I unfold the story how
much you can comprehend and how much you
can Master is up to you luu nodded with
a solemn expression the Marshall Saints
Teach an ordinary person at the top of
the day could let the Marshal Emperor
give him a few
pointers however Lu youu due to his
special status
was able to get the Marshall Saints old
man to teach himself the way this is a
very rare
opportunity luu quickly threw the
distractions out of his mind at the same
time the tiue immortal cells and tiue
defra of dadan in his body began to
slowly operate Lu Chang Ching saw that
luu was ready and without any nonsense
he directly began to speak as we all
know the essence of Dharma bodies Dharma
phases and domains are all
inscriptions the question then
arises what is the nature of an
inscription again I can tell you quite
bluntly that the essence of inscriptions
is the power of Heaven and Earth it is
part of the rules a materialization of
the laws one of the Essences of this
universe comprehend
inscriptions Master
inscriptions string inscriptions
fuse
inscriptions and dismantle
inscriptions this is the manifestation
of going from shallow to deep
controlling the power of the laws step
by step in figurative terms that is
Dharma body Dharma phase
domain if one law is
universal then all laws are
Universal you are right now still on top
of stringing together
inscriptions next you need to fuse
inscriptions and then try to disassemble
them and luu listened attentively to Lu
Ching's words and for a while he was
mesmerized the confusions of a long time
ago were answered one by one at this
moment and a feeling of Enlightenment
arose when his old man's teaching was
over he couldn't wait to begin his
Enlightenment when Li Chang Shing saw
this
a smile appeared at the corner of his
mouth at first he didn't feel that luu
could participate in the 10,000 Clans
Heavens Pride battle but gradually he
changed his mind before that luu brought
him too many
surprises for example breaking through
to the ninth floor of The Reincarnation
Tower and getting two supreme Treasures
proofed that he had the stature of a
martial Saint then why not this 10,000
Clans Heaven's Pride battle
if he could break into the top rankings
and fight for a flame of civilization
for the human race it would be a great
achievement for the entire human race Lu
Chang xang also knew that it was
difficult very difficult if the heaven
Pride battle was held 10 years later
with luu's
qualifications he would certainly be
just like himself at the time sweeping
away all the Heaven's pride and
ascending to the top with an
incomparably strong stance nay
he was too small his realm was too low
and his cultivation time was too short
the 10,000 Clans Heavens Pride battle
was about to open with less than half a
year left he really didn't have many
opportunities but not for nothing this
Epiphany it lasted for a full month
before luu slowly opened his eyes an
extremely complex Fusion inscription
flashed in the eyes chapter 149 9 speed
through the secret realm of Trials as if
struck by lightning rewarded plus more
during this month of epiphany luu's
progress was very
exaggerated the number of inscriptions
came to
301 tandem inscriptions are even higher
at
248 as for the fusion
inscriptions one was successfully fused
as well it was already possible to
condense the beginnings of a phantom and
although it was only a shadow the power
was
extraordinary
unfortunately dismantling the
inscription is not yet a clue
controlling the field is even further
away but that's normal you have to eat
your food one bite at a time and you
have to take the road one step at a time
it was not possible to have a single
Epiphany and directly cast a Dharma
phase in control a domain this was
tantamount to a full stream not even if
there is a marshall Saint
ordination if it really works that well
then Lu Chang xang would have collected
a group of disciples a long time ago
actually the fact that luu had
progressed so much was mainly the result
of his own Enlightenment being
sufficient coupled with the tiue
diffractive Dharma pill and tiue
Immortal cells adding to it out of the
manifestation building luu opened his
communication device there were many
people who had contacted him during the
time he was closed it's still new years
before the retreat a lot of people want
to ask him out as a result luu directly
played disappearance and did not reply
to any of them luu didn't think much
about it and replied in unison roughly
explaining the situation in order to
participate in the 10,000 Clans Heavens
Pride battle he didn't have time to play
around and needed to cultivate hard the
words came out
the great summer Heroes chat group
directly boiled over no one had expected
that Lu you would actually want to
participate in the 10,000 Clans Heavens
Pride battle one must know that for this
Heavens Pride battle all of the
participants almost without exception
were all Peak Dharma body
existences luu was only a Third Realm
and even though he had mastered many
inscriptions the disadvantage was still
too great it's hard as hell to pull off
another miracle sure since big brother
was
participating they did not say anything
demoralizing and spoke out in
encouragement Le swept a glance and also
saw that this group of little guys
didn't think highly of himself but
that's normal not to mention them even
Master xia wuan didn't think that he
could get a top ranking a huge gap in
strength is not something that can be
salved by paying lip service even luu
himself could only take one step at a
time there are still a few months to
prepare he can continue to get stronger
got to get a grip after the exit luu
intends to return to Blue Star
University to further his
education before leaving the house Mom
handed ji Gia's gift to herself luu
froze he'd almost forgotten about it
picking the dagger up he examined it
carefully it was an extremely delicate
dagger the hilt of the dagger was set
with a dark blue gemstone drawing his
dagger the blade Shone coldly making one
scalp involuntarily go a little numb
with just a casual wave of his hand
space seemed to be sliced open so sharp
L you
marveled this dagger is quite something
at the very least it's a heav
treasure jai's Outburst was really
generous luu thought about it and wrote
an email stating that he had received
this gift and thanked him very much for
his kindness blue star
University principal Fong Wang couldn't
help but sigh as he looked at the trial
secret Realms breakthrough record
there's still only one who has broken
through the seventh floor so far those
who have broken through the sixth floor
have increased by two instead becoming
five if you put it in previous years
this would have been great but there's
the battle of the 10,000 Clans Heavenly
Pride this year time is running out can
only this good ceiling fight for the
flame of civilization for the human race
I don't know what's going on with a
couple other
colleges I always feel like my hopes are
a little slim this year
originally I was expecting that Lu you
would continue to Surge forward and
create more miracles now it seems that
it's basically imposs possible the
record didn't move directly after he
broke the first layer before is this a
case of silence or is he planning to
make a
splash can't figure this little guy out
Fong Wang side feeling a bit sick and
desperate to pin his hopes on a little
guy he is too small even if he
progresses rapidly it is impossible for
him to represent the human race to
participate in the 10,000 rac's Heavenly
Pride battle during this recent period
of time the freshmen who were at the
same level as luu had already broken
through the first layer one after
another and many of them had also broken
through the second layer and were trying
to break through the third layer on the
other hand Lou youu Who was the center
of attention was completely silent no
one knew what he was doing just when
Fong Wang was worried about the
candidates for the 10,000 Clans Heavens
Pride battle a message came through luu
went back to Blue Star
University and directly went to break
into the secret Realm of the trial oh
upon hearing this news Fong Wang raised
his eyebrows the little guy finally
couldn't help himself in plans to make a
splash I wonder how much progress he's
made after all this time Fong Guang
hastily glanced at the live stream The
Secret World of
Trials second layer
the gatekeeper stood on top of the Dune
looking down at luu little fellow it's
only been a while since I've seen you
and you seem to have gotten much
stronger the gatekeeper could clearly
feel that this little fellow in front of
him was different from the last time
make a move luu looked at the gatekeeper
with a calm gaze and spoke blandly if
you don't make a move then you won't
have a chance arrogant
the gatekeeper snorted coldly the Dharma
body instantly
coalesced and speed
strength
defense and all aspects of the
attributes skyrocketed across the board
although luu was arrogant the gatekeeper
understood that this little guy
surely had the money to be
arrogant that being the case there is
absolutely no room for
carelessness come
battle the light in luu's eyes flickered
and that battle intent was
unprecedentedly high as soon as he came
up the guardian used his own
stance however without waiting for him
to unleash it a sword light attacked him
in the way of sword and martial arts the
most important thing was the speed of
the sword so fast the gatekeeper was
shocked and hastily crossed his arms to
resist but as a result in but a split
second he was completely annihilated and
turned into flying Ash Next Level Lu was
not surprised by this situation and
continued to break through the third
level what a fast sword Fong Wang
couldn't help but Marvel and with this
sword it doesn't seem to be going all
out sure enough he's gotten a lot
stronger soon after luu arrived at the
third level and still with just one
sword he killed the guardian see this
scene Fong Wang blinked this kid is he
really going to give me a surprise two
in a row in one breath a sword and a
pass the scariest thing is that he has
not gone all out he continues to break
in the moment outside of the trial
Mysteries quite a few people had heard
about it Marshall ancestor looked at the
crowd swarming in stroked his chin and
said with a smile are you guys here to
break through the barrier or are you
here to watch the show when the crowd
heard this they hurriedly said we want
to know the latest situation of that
luu's
breakthrough wouldn't it be nice to
spend some credits watching it live wuzu
said with a smile
spent someone said
awkwardly as a result that luu just made
it through the level with just one sword
and then had to spend credits to watch a
new breakthrough after gritting my teeth
and spending credits he ended up passing
the level with just one sword again yeah
there's definitely something wrong with
this
mechanism the person who set it up
probably didn't expect that someone
could speed through it
another person spoke up listening to the
crowd sputtering Marshall ancestor
stroked his beard and
smiled then spoke at this moment he has
already broken through the fourth layer
sure enough
outrageous hearing this the crowd looked
at each other in
disbelief and they could all see the
complex look in each other's eyes there
was shock Envy
and even jealousy the fourth floor was
so difficult that it almost stopped the
vast majority of the older students and
he actually broke through this is really
too much the result is the next second
the Marshall
ancestor however was not surprised by
his words
moreover he still killed the fourth
level's Guardian with just one sword he
hasn't used his full strength yet the
word just fell out the crowd was struck
by lightning and their jaws
dropped this this how is that possible
fourth shift this chapter is a reward
plus chapter 150 you can die at Blue
Star
University credits are generally in
short supply during the freshman and
sophomore years by the time you get to
your Junior and senior years you are not
so short of credits as luu broke through
two layers of the trial mysteries in a
row word is gradually spreading some of
the older students came to be interested
and hurriedly spent their credits to
watch the live
broadcast it was better not to look at
it but to be taken aack straight away
the guardian of the fourth level was
actually not a match for luu just a
sword luu then killed the fourth level's
Guardian seeing this scene the
expressions of all the older students
were nothing short of brilliant for a
moment he could hardly believe his eyes
no one sword chop are you kidding me
this me they have mixed feelings the
reason is simple the vast majority of
the older students hadn't even broken
through the fourth floor yet as a result
l youu a four-year-old little guy just a
sword
chopped the fourth level of the guardian
and also appeared to be smooth and calm
which told them to lose face the fourth
level of the secret realm of Trials had
always been a hurdle this stopped most
of the students at Blue Star
University the reason is simple the
first through third layers are the
Dharma layers the fourth through sixth
layers are the Dharma layers the seventh
through nth layers are the domain layers
for the vast majority of students Dharma
body versus Dharma phase is too much of
a
disadvantage it's hard as hell to break
through the vast majority of blue star
University
students even if they were about to
graduate couldn't break through the
fourth floor only a few Geniuses were
able to break through the fourth and
fifth layers for example those demons
from the jinshin school district but no
one expected that after only half a year
of enrollment luu had killed the fourth
level's Guardian with a single sword
this is just crazy the news went viral
and the entire blue star
University began to discuss it the old
Professor zuo Yuan was shocked when he
heard the news good boy good boy just
one sword and it broke through the
fourth floor the this is the Dharma
phase level it's only been this much
time and you've grown to this point I'll
have to see how he does on the fifth
level without much thought zou Yuan
hurriedly opened the live broadcast and
watched in addition to
zian many professors two had opened the
live stream to watch luu's breakthrough
The Secret World of Trials fifth floor a
turquoise prayer
the fifth level Guardian looked down at
luu a hint of surprise flashing in his
eyes a little fellow of the Third Realm
how did you break in here he felt
incredible ever since the trial mystery
realm was created up until today it was
the first time that a youngster from the
Third Realm had broken through to the
fifth floor luu raised the long sword in
his hand and said with a smile of course
I chopped my my way here at these words
the gatekeeper narrowed his eyes this
little guy he could feel was quite
something
obviously he was only at the Third Realm
but the aura on his body actually made
him feel
dangerous without the slightest bit of
bravado the gatekeeper smiled and said
good then you will show me what kind of
skills you actually have only after the
words were spoken a burst of Shadows
appeared around his body but in a split
second from the virtual to the re a
giant over 100 m tall CLA in battle
armor directly rose up from the ground
the Dharma realm the fifth compared to
the Dharma phase void at the fourth
level it was really More Than A Little
Bit Stronger on luu's side the Phantom
gradually emerged
however he saw a vicious silhouette with
a green face and fangs and Vermilion
hair holding a long sword also rising up
from the ground though it was a head
shorter than the battle armored giant
Dharma void seeing this scene the
gatekeeper
sneered really powerful to be able to
condense a Dharma phase Shadow at only
the Third Realm no wonder you were able
to break through here the gatekeeper
didn't hesitate and directly swung his
sword down luu also swung his sword and
chopped out Boom the violent
fluctuations that erupted from The Clash
of The Sword and knife caused the entire
fifth floor space to tremble for a
moment the ground shook it's really
powerful however it's not enough the 100
met tall Guardian laughed and said let
me see what you're all about boom
there was another violent collision and
luu's silhouette was nearly unable to
maintain itself it then gradually showed
signs of collapsing under the constant
head-to-head
exchanges if this
continues defeat is only a matter of
time but so nothing more than that you
lose the gatekeeper said with a big
smile deciding to give luu a fatal blow
boom boom luu's Dharma phase was knocked
backward
continuously and the Dharma phase's
Shadow became more and more blurred for
a moment it was as if defeat had been
decided blue star
University the older students
subconsciously breathed a sigh of relief
as they watched the scene to lose it's
finally time to lose it should have
stopped at the fifth floor still it's
quite
anticlimactic yeah
I've never seen such a fierce freshman
and the point is he's only this big he
has the posture of a marshall Saint how
can we
compare it's a Pity in a few months the
10,000 Clans Heaven's Pride battle will
begin if only we had given him a few
more years wait how is he still able to
maintain his phallic form finally
someone realized something was wrong
luu's phallic Shadow looked like it was
about to collapse at any moment it
turned out to be a long fight and it
hadn't crashed yet that fifth level
Guardian glared and once again used a
killing move luu's faltering Dharma
phase froze and still didn't
collapse this what's going on here in
the
meantime seeing this scene Fong Guang
the principal of blue star
University could help but say good boy
actually sensing the other party's
Dharma phase the guts are really big and
the strength is really strong it's all
the way to the fifth layer and it's
still this easy to navigate the Dharma
phase has been shaking for so long but
it actually hasn't collapsed yet that's
quite a pretense but it's easy to play
it off at this rate it should be over
the secret Secret World of Trials fifth
floor the gatekeeper had gone completely
crazy his eyes red he kept swinging out
the big knife in his hand to cut this
undefeatable little
Powerhouse
slice chop it up the key to the phallic
phase being condensed from the virtual
to the real is in essence the number of
inscriptions fused together the more
inscriptions are fused the stronger the
power of the pH becomes
unfortunately I am unable to do so for
the time being I need to slowly
Enlighten myself and continue to
accumulate well this battle it can end
luu raised his head and his phallic
Shadow also raised the long sword in his
hand P sword prison after a long time Lu
you once again used this move or used it
in the Dharma phase State the effect
could be described as very different the
spherical sword prison space with a
diameter of thousands of meters directly
enveloped the Guardians of the fifth
level ha the gatekeeper froze for a
moment as he felt the space shift around
him his Furious face froze and he was a
bit startled for a moment
domain not a domain luu smiled it's just
the fledgling form of a domain
however against you it's already enough
you can die chapter 151 Heaven's Pride
battle selection when he was on the
ninth floor of The Reincarnation Tower
facing that phallic Powerhouse head on
luu's move sword prison was practically
scraping the bottom of the barrel and
couldn't cause any damage at all that
feeling of powerlessness
even though so much time had passed was
still fresh in his mind now as luu's
strength increased this move
naturally was not what it used to be so
much so that the fifth floor
gatekeeper nearly recognized the wrong
person the
moment without the slightest hesitation
luu directly swung his sword down in an
instant the sky was filled with flashes
of sword light like a meat grinder
strangling away the guardian's body was
covered in sweat and he fought to
brandish the large sword in his hand
frantically
resisting however facing the sword light
from all directions where could it be
blocked in just an instant the defense
was churned to pieces in the next second
the barrier Keeper's huge body like a a
mountain peak collapsing fell down with
a bang luu's face remained calm he
looked up into the distance a slight
waste of time but it's always something
good continue to break through the sixth
floor as Lu you broke through the fifth
layer the old Professor Z you on looked
at the live broadcast screen and
couldn't help but open his mouth too
easy this is the fifth floor and it's
still so well traveled Jude still
remembered that a few months ago he had
shocked a lot of people by breaking
through the first layer after just a few
hours of
seclusion at that time everyone marveled
at luu's growth rate which was truly
Heaven defying now that only a few
months had passed facing the Dharma
phase powerhouses of the fifth layer
they were able to easily break through
this growth rate on the side the old
Professor Li Guang Tha was even looking
at the live broadcast screen with a face
full of dismay he came to see his old
friends whicho youan today and then you
see this scene luu had broken through
the fifth level of the secret realm of
Trials he was naturally clear about
luu's participation in The Reincarnation
Tower earlier and knew that this little
guy was extremely remarkable
but this was the fifth level of the
trial
Mysteries this Li Guang Tha was in a bit
of a trance and his mind couldn't help
but recall a long long time ago the
little guy who had sought to read and
write to himself at that time he
squatted down and inquired of luu can
you tell me what you want to learn l u
who was still a small one at that time
spoke up I want to learn martial arts Li
Guang Tha then smiled and asked him why
do you want to learn martial arts little
luu then replied without thinking I want
to become stronger like wangai continued
to ask getting stronger For What Little
luu said share your father's worries
while that sentiment was nice it was a
shame that he was too young to be
learning martial arts
Li Guang Tha then said at the very least
wait until you are 3 years old before
you can be exposed to martial arts after
2 years these things are still fresh in
my mind like
yesterday that's how long it's been Lu U
who was still full of childishness and
had yet to step into the Marshall way
was now able to defeat the Dharma phase
Keeper of the fifth level good good
good Fong Guang the president of blue
star
University looked at the scene in front
of him his eyes lit up and he couldn't
help but sigh in
admiration I really didn't expect that
this luu's rate of progress would be so
fast if we follow this rate of progress
we might actually be able to participate
in the 10,000 Clans Heavens Pride battle
Fong Wang's eyes lit up then he
instructed the AI
announce the news of the 10,000 Clans
Heavens Pride battle selection send it
to all the students of blue star
University pass the seventh level of the
secret realm of Trials and obtain the
qualification to fight pass the sixth
level of the trial Mystic realm and
obtain the selection
qualification passing the fifth level of
the Tower of Trials requires starting
from the ca election as long as one
participates in the 10,000 racist
Heavens Pride battle and kills their way
into a rank high enough to fight for the
human race for the flame of
civilization even if it's just a faint
wisp of the flame of
civilization they will be awarded the
human race extraordinary Medal of Honor
the rank of Major General and a reward
of 100 billion star dollars one piece of
supreme treasure three pieces of heavy
treasure as well as the opportunity to
worship the Marshall Emperor if there
are no martial Emperors willing to take
on
disciples I an old man can take them as
closed
disciples not a moment too soon when
this news spread quickly it instantly
caused a furer throughout blue star
University all the students were shocked
when they heard the news Medal of Honor
extraordinaire star Marshall calendar
2,000 years down the total number of
issuance but a few hundred the gold
content of this speaks for itself it's
an honor enough to honor the family it
could even be the backbone of a martial
arts family as for the rank of Major
General needless to say the status is
already very high in addition there were
100 billion star dollars one supreme
treasure three heavy treasures and the
opportunity to worship the martial
Emperor it was a dizzying array of
rewards to watch breathe was getting a
little short no doubt about it with this
one email the attention of the secret
realm of Trials immediately Rose several
notches and the news of luu's crazy
breakthrough spread further after a few
months Lu you broke through again
directly from the second floor kill to
the sixth floor come with a handful of
Speedy passes to The Secret World of
trials and
tribulations could it be that he is also
going to participate in the 10,000 Clans
Heavenly Pride battle Xin Shin Dojo by
youu Jing who was
cultivating slowly opened his eyes
looking at this latest email she nodded
slightly the selection conditions for
the human race Heavens Pride battle have
been announced whom what a big handout
what a generous reward this is a reward
that is enough to change one's life
enough to make any student's heart
flutter with a heavy reward there will
be a brave man it can be predicted that
in the next few months the secret realm
of Trials will be especially Lively I've
only broken through the sixth layer now
it seems that I have to work harder to
break through the seventh layer only
after breaking through the seventh floor
can you directly get a spot to
participate in the battle without having
to participate in the selection battle
suddenly byuing saw something and
furrowed her pretty
brows little luu is breaking through the
sixth layer he easily broke through the
fifth
layer this BYU Jing blinked her
beautiful eyes her eyes filled with
disbelief how long has it been since
we've seen each other and he's become so
strong I can't believe it's almost
caught up with me I'm close to
graduating plus I've been practicing
hard for so many years in the jinshin
school district I've only gotten this
far how old is he 3 years old no it's 4
years old cousin son what a horror I
know he has the stature of a marshall
saint but at least grow up
slowly right doesn't he have a
bottleneck in his cultivation
among the young people of the B familyes
generation Bing's Talent was the best
one ever since she was a child she had
been hailed as a genius among
Geniuses and she simply couldn't meet
any rivals in her peer group it was not
until she reached blue star University
that she encountered a Celestial Pride
that barely pressed her head and she was
still far ahead of the others as a
result now compared to luu
her proud cultivation Talent was nothing
at all the sense of contrast is just too
much by eing feel not long ago this
little luu even words will not say it
the result of a turn of the eye are so
strong an estate in the town's
theological School District a quiet room
sya the only student who had broken
through the seventh floor looked at the
male with calm eyes
without any
surprises he got the place in the
heavens Pride battle suddenly he noticed
something and there was some surprise in
his eyes
hm Lou U the son of the Marshall Saint
is breaking through the sixth floor
isn't he only 3 or 4 years old chapter
152 fighting Spirit nearly a month of
Enlightenment time Sia looked at the
email message with some confusion he had
long heard of luu's reputation as a
genius at a young age he possessed the
posture of a marshal Saint before that
he had even broken through the first
level of the secret realm of
Trials but no matter how much of a
genius luu was he was still only in the
second or third realm wanting to become
completely stronger was something for
later it will take at least seven or 8
years if not a decade it's the only way
to grow up gradually the future belongs
to him but summercliff was not expecting
it at all in just a few months time luu
had broken through the fifth level of
the trial Mystic realm what's that
supposed to mean was he going to break
through the sixth layer or even the
seventh layer and then join himself in
the 10,000 plans Heavens Pride battle a
4-year-old little guy representing the
human race in the 10,000 races Heavens
Pride battle are you kidding me is there
no one left in the human race
summercliff felt a little
ridiculous but he had to admit it but it
was such a ridiculous thing to do
obviously the next generation of Genius
is just caught up by Leaps and Bounds no
reasoning
whatsoever along with Lou breaking
through to the sixth level of the trial
Mystic realm a group of geniuses from
Blue Star University were all
stimulated in the
meantime the secret realm of Trials
sixth level the mountains are steep a
behemoth of a man was sitting halfway up
the mountain
resting his body was extraordinarily
large with most of his body above the
clouds suddenly he realized something
and looked down then opened his mouth to
speak with a voice that was even more
like a thunderous explosion a mere
little fellow of the Third Realm to be
able to walk here it's a bit interesting
Lu you looked up at the looming Giant in
the distance and his face became serious
he thought of the Giant on the ninth
floor of The Reincarnation Tower back
then at this moment this giant was even
more terrifying than the one on the
ninth floor of The Reincarnation Tower
if the Dharma Giant on the ninth level
of The Reincarnation Tower was the
seventh and eighth levels of Dharma then
this giant in front of me is the ninth
level of the Dharma phase standing
10,000 ft tall his head is like
tarzen his waist is like a steep
Mountain his eyes are like thunder pools
his mouth is like an abyss and his teeth
are like dangerous Peaks a true law of
the heavens
obviously the difficulty skyrocketed
with every level you broke through the
Phantoms cast by The Intruders at the
fifth level were no more than a few
hundred meters tall Lu you dealt with it
with ease by All rights the sixth level
Guardian should be around a few thousand
meters tall the result straight to tens
of thousands of meters this Made luu Who
originally still had some
confidence instantly beat the drum in
his heart he realized that there was
trouble but
the stronger the opponent just the more
you have to break in Guardian luu raised
his head and shouted please also let me
feel the strongest strength of the ninth
level of the Dharma phase the strongest
strength hearing this the Towering giant
laughed and responded then I'm afraid
you won't be able to support yourself
for a moment but if you say so then as
you wish I'll let you feel what it means
to be a true Dharma Heaven saying so he
just glared and above the sky instantly
dark clouds and thunder surged wind to
my Aid rain to help me Ray come help me
in a split second the howling wind was
more than just a gale and the large
trees that several people had embraced
were directly uprooted the rain was as
if seawater was pouring down SPL ring
down directly from the sky creating an
instant flood the Thunder was like a
thunder dragon probing downwards from
the clouds followed by a dive directly
pouncing towards
luu this is the true law of Heaven and
Earth luu's heart was appalled and
without the slightest
hesitation the Dharma FAS Shadow
immediately swung out a sword pull
swword prison boo boom boom boom boom
the Thunder Dragons that swoop down
collided with the sword prison
continuously and the explosions Rose and
fell in succession in just an instant
the sword prison which had been
Invincible just moments ago was already
shaking at this moment sure enough it's
worthy of being a full body of the
Dharma phase it's too strong Dash luu
couldn't help but sigh in his heart even
though he was facing such a strong enemy
he did not have the slightest fear his
eyes grew brighter and brighter and his
battle intent grew thicker and thicker
luu knew that he could not sit back and
wait for death and instead of retreating
he Advanced and swung his sword Paul
returned to the ruins Legend has it that
hundreds of millions of miles east of
the bohi see there is an unfathomable
Gully called The Returning ruins this is
the place where all things end and
return this sword is called ruin and it
is also the sword that ends everything
and destroys everything before coming to
Blue Star
University jaia wuan taught luu this
sword even luu's World unrivaled talent
in the sword da had just barely mastered
this move using it at this moment is
really a matter of
necessity because only the sword could
threaten this
Behemoth whether it was the Lumen sword
light or the demon Punisher even the
sword prison it was difficult to have
much effect the difference in strength
between each other was too obvious luu
had only barely grasp the Dharma phase
void while the other party was the ninth
weight of the actual Dharma phase as
this returning ruin sword slashed out
the pangian giant was slightly stunned
he had actually sensed an aura of danger
this how could this be possible without
the slightest
hesitation he raised his hand again Ray
come help me above the sky dark clouds
rolled as if there were Thunder pools
pouring down and countless Thunder
Dragons pounced towards luu boom boom
boom boom the thunder dragon collided
with the sword and was annihilated as
much as possible
however the number of brontosaurus was
just too much thousands of Thunder
Dragons going forward and back pounced
madly not giving luu a chance to catch
his breath at all boom Dash violent
explosions rang out luu
eliminated breaking into the sixth floor
failing see this scene many of the
veteran students of blue star University
couldn't help but let out a sigh of
relief finally lost I thought he could
break through the sixth floor yeah
scared me to death that last sword was
kind of awesome facing thousands of
Thunder Dragons all of them supported it
for so long in the entire blue star
University there are only a handful of
people who have broken through to the
sixth floor if he breaks through then
the pressure on me me we'll be too great
okay okay this L you is breaking through
so
violently is he going to participate in
the 10,000 Clans Heavens Pride battle
huh are you kidding me he's only four
what's wrong with four years old if he
breaks through the seventh floor will he
still be forbidden to go break through
the seventh floor how is that possible
how is is it
impossible with this luu's rate of
progress It's really possible when these
words came out the person who was still
retorting was silent for a moment but
still
retorted that's not possible either
right someone beside him also agreed his
realm is too low without a Dharma body
sensing the Dharma phase will be twice
the
effort yeah he is only now condensing
the Dharma phase void without a few
years it's impossible for him to walk to
the ninth level of Dharma phase
moreover even the ninth level of the
Dharma phase can't break through the
seventh level of the trial Mystic realm
yes the seventh layer it's already at
the level of a domain there are still a
few months left until the 10,000 Clans
Heavens Pride battle he definitely won't
be able to catch up even if he's a demon
he won't make it the Great Hall of
inscribed Stones Lou you appeared here
he wasn't in the least bit depressed by
his defeat but rather he was in high
Spirits a faint smile appeared at the
corners of his mouth as he looked around
if you break through a layer you can
participate in the enlightenment here
for seven days I just broke through the
second third
fourth and fifth floors in one breath
that is to say I can participate in
Enlightenment here for almost a month
after accumulating for so long it's a
pleasure to participate in one go
chapter 153 is there no upper limit to
inscription
comprehension in the secret realm of
Trials many students came one after
another seeing this scene wuu couldn't
help but smile
it seems like that kid has brought a lot
of pressure to this group of students to
break through to the sixth level at the
Third Realm is considered
unprecedented although he has a treasure
on him that can make up for the energy
gap that thing alone is not enough to
support him to the sixth floor this kind
of natural Talent is only comparable to
that student who broke through the ninth
floor a long time ago it is said that he
later became the only Marshall saint of
the human race looks like there's hope
for this kid too the Marshall ancestor
blinked looked up at the students lined
up and with a big wave of his hand the
doors leading to the various levels
opened one after another in the
meantime the Great Hall of inscribed
Stones luu sat cross-legged within his
body the taiu Mortal cell taiu defra of
dhad Dan was slowly running which made
the process of Enlightenment twice as
effective but even so in the absence of
a Dharma body the process of sensing the
Dharma phase was still somewhat slow
it's like trying to run before you've
learned to walk so naturally you can't
stabilize your body and you'll fall if
you're not paying attention even with
the help of the tiue immortal cells and
tiue diffractive Dharma pills it would
be difficult to advance by Leaps and
Bounds luu furrowed his brows at this
rate even if he were to participate in
Enlightenment here for a month he would
only be able to step into the fifth
level of the Dharma phase or so this
speed compared to others is already very
fast but for him however it was not
enough the current progress was to break
through the fifth floor not even the
sixth breaking through the seventh floor
was even further away it was not even
certain that he would get a place to
participate in the 10,000 Clans Heavens
Pride battle still want to get a top
ranking in the heavens Pride battle
idiot Lou you let out a deep breath
actually calm down and think about it a
little the top celestials of the 10,000
races of the universe had cultivated
diligently for more than 10 years or
even decades before moving from Dharma
body to Dharma phase
and then to realm and now he's trying to
catch up in just a few months not too
difficult maybe if it was really that
simple to do then the so-called Heavenly
Pride of the 10,000 races of the
universe became a bunch of
jokes difficulty to the point of Despair
is the norm but even though he knew this
luu did not have the slightest thought
of giving up he thought hard about the
solution after a long time an aura
flashed through his mind luu's eyes lit
up and he couldn't help but murmur since
it's too difficult for me at this stage
to comprehend the fusion inscriptions
and perfect the Dharma phase then
wouldn't it be better for me to continue
comprehending
inscriptions although I have mastered
301
inscriptions I am far from reaching the
bottleneck as long as more inscriptions
are mastered the foundation will also
become more Sol ID at that time fusing
the inscriptions and perfecting the
phases should become relatively
easier this is a stupid way but right
now I can't form a Dharma body so I can
only use this stupid way thinking this
way luu immediately redirected his
cultivation and continued to Envision
the new
inscription at the same time he was also
a bit curious about the upper limit of
inscriptions he could m
what was it the average Genius of the
human race mastering 199
inscriptions was already the limit but
he's already mastered 301
inscriptions that's not even his limit
this Enlightenment was nearly a month's
worth of time opening his eyes again
luu's eyes continuously flashed with
inscriptions his expression was a little
subtle at first
luu just wanted to make the foundation
stronger so that he could use it to
perfect the Dharma phase with the
Mastery of one inscription after another
it was as if there were no limits luu
was inevitably a little curious as to
where his limits were so then he simply
focused on attending to the
inscriptions at the moment the
cultivation time is coming to an end the
number of inscriptions he had mastered
had changed from the initial 301 to the
current 500
184 the foot nearly doubled the most
most terrifying thing is that this is
still not his ceiling Lu you was a bit
taught why does he continue to master
inscriptions even some of the rare races
in the universe that were blessed with
natural Talent only had between 300 and
400 inscriptions at their
disposal as a result luu had more
inscriptions than those rare races who
had mastered them this is just too much
obviously dowo embryo pill Dragon Tiger
golden pill Jade bone pill Jade Lotus
root golden pill the effects of these
superb pills were much better than
expected under the transformation of
these elixirs luu's upper limit was
raised by far too much time is almost
over time to get out of here luu didn't
think much about it and turned around to
leave the inscription Stone tablet Hall
there was so much to gain from this
Enlightenment that it needed to be
digested After exiting the secret realm
of Trials Leu went straight to the Xin
shendow field he wanted to organize and
digest his many harvests over here
busting through four levels of the trial
mysteries in a row luu now possessed
many credits and staying in the Xin Shin
dojo for a year would not be a problem
this passed almost a month the 10,000
Clans Heavens Pride selection tournament
had officially kicked off the auditions
are wide ranging various martial arts
universities many martial arts Arenas
and private martial arts schools of all
sizes however anyone in the fifth realm
could participate in the
auditions only most of the golden body
realm martial artists were basically
screened down in one round Only the
strongest of the Dharma body realm would
be able to make it through a few more
rounds but they would still be
eliminated in the end in the Dharma body
realm those existences that had mastered
the Dharma phase were the true leaders
dominating the auditions of the major
planets as for the absolute Heavenly
Pride who had mastered the domain so far
they had not yet ventured out in the
additions that's normal after all such
existences had already booked their
tickets for the heaven Pride battle and
did not need to participate in the
selection round at all with tryouts in
full swing the occasional emergence of
the pride of the cold family had become
the Talk of the Town after tea there
were even good people who went out and
compiled the human race Heavens pride
list listing all the people who had
hopes of participating in the heavens
Pride battle this time around this list
of human Celestial Pride listed a total
of 50 people ranked first is Sia of blue
star
University for years ago he was admitted
to Blue Star
University and as soon as he enrolled he
was assigned to the topmost ginin school
district and then he even broke through
three levels of the secret trial
realmman AO becoming the deserved king
of
newcomers in the four years since it has
improved even more although he was still
at the peak of the fifth realm he had
already mastered the domain a year ago
he had broken through the seventh level
of the secret realm of Trials a strength
that could be described as
unfathomable comprehensive evaluation a
well-deserved first place the strongest
contemporary Heavens Pride of the five
Realms the Undisputed candidate for the
heavens Pride battle ranked second it
was Wu Wy of the military martial arts
university half a year ago he had
mastered the domain and stepped into the
third mountain of the three military
mountains of the military Marshall
University becoming the military
Marshall University's well-deserved
contemporary number one ranked second
overall Behind Blue Star University
summer cliff in third place was gawan of
star martial arts
university three months ago he managed
to master the domain fighting 18
opponents in a row all the way to the
top of the star Marshall University
points
ranking however there are still some
gaps between him and the two in front of
him so he is ranked third
overall in addition it is worth
mentioning luu had also entered this
so-called human race Heavens Pride
ranking chapter 154 3 months of bitter
cultivation wind and clouds change luu
emerges from the pass the human race is
Heavens Pride ranking luu's overall
ranking is
49th the reason for ranking him here is
simple a month ago he broke through the
second third fourth and fifth levels of
the trial mysteries in a row with an
Unstoppable momentum although he lost at
the sixth level his overall performance
was
respectable the guardian of the sixth
level released a big move as soon as he
came up 10,000 Thunder Dragons l u
however did not lose at the first
opportunity and still supported himself
for a moment before being
eliminated this kind of strength was
already enough to be ranked on the
heavens pride list in addition he grew
at a rate that was nothing short of
astonishing with the next few months of
cultivation he was bound to be able to
go
further however it was still an unknown
as to whether or not he would be able to
rush to the number one spot on the
heavens Pride ranking
after all his realm was too low only
three Realms which was a flaw that would
be difficult to make up for in a short
period of time if we can give luu some
more time not 10 years at most seven or
eight years luu will be the Undisputed
number one in the Heavenly Pride ranking
representing the human race to fight in
the 10,000 races Heavenly Pride battle
and will certainly be able to get good
results
unfortunately the distance from the
10,000 Clans Heavenly Pride wore only
the last few months left time was not on
luu's side from here it could be seen
that the person who made the move to
compile the human race as Heaven's Pride
ranking could be said to have his hands
in the air with a staggeringly large
number of intelligence channels and was
able to calculate every aspect as soon
as this human race Heavens pride list
came out it quickly caused a huge uproar
around this list the entire human
Community there was a heated
discussion those who were on the list
were somewhat unconvinced when they saw
their names as well as their
rankings why am I on this list as the
discussion
intensifies it's only the audition stage
and the heat is already exploding from
all sides blue star
University the sixth level of the secret
realm of trials two Phantoms tens of
thousands of meters tall were in a
fierce physical battle on one side was
the
gatekeeper and on the other side was Chu
Xiao a senior at Blue Star
University jinshin School District after
a thousand rounds of intense sparring
between the two sides the guardian's
head was finally blown off by a punch
level six pass I'm going to break
through the seventh floor shuja's eyes
are bright as if he is getting more and
more
courageous as a result when they reached
the seventh level as the gatekeeper
unfolded his domain
shuao who had defeated the ninth level
of the Dharma phase was strangled in
just a few rounds the seventh level of
the secret realm of Trials without half
of his body bayu Jing's eyes were still
bright as he stared deathly at the
Domain Powerhouse in the distance
almost sadly still almost although I
have already mastered a portion of the
domain the intensity is really too low
if I cultivate for a few more months I
might have a chance to break through the
seventh layer thinking like this BYU
Jing's breath grew weaker and weaker and
then his eyes went black and he was
directly
eliminated the eighth level of the
secret realm of Trials the two domains
clashed madly against each other it's
just a matter of moments Sia then fell
into the wind for a moment it was
impossible to attack and could only
barely parry and passively defend so
strong he raised his head and frowned as
he looked at the gatekeeper of this
level I've already stepped into the
third level of the domain but I'm still
in such a sorry State the guards at this
level are at least domain 5 it's only a
difference of two weights but the Gap is
still so big if I can't break through
the eighth floor I'm afraid I'll have a
hard time getting good grades in the
10,000 Clans Heavens Pride battle
earlier as the human race Heavens
remarkable ranking came out his name was
quite literally ranked
first however Sia did not have the
slightest bit of Pride because he knew
very well that the intensity of the
competition in the 10,000 Clans Heavens
Pride battle was Far Beyond
imagination this amount of his strength
was nothing it's hard as hell to get a
top ranking boom Dash with a violent
explosion Sia was eliminated
outright military Armed Forces
University the secret Realm of the three
Army Mountain third Mountain wua
continuously roared by by what right am
I second by what right his domain
continued to
unfold eliminating monster after
Monster I don't know how much time had
passed but woo wow yeah who was covered
in blood suddenly widened his eyes and
his face was filled with ecstasy I've
realized it turns out to be so this is
the fourth level of the domain star
martial arts
University Virtual
Worlds however in the blink of an eye
Gan defeated 100 Dharma body martial
artists this caused the old Professor
next to him to nod frequently your
Mastery of the domain is getting more
and more subtle not
enough 100 more
no 200 more gawan
shouted good the old professor said with
a smile then set it to a Siege of 300
Dharma body
powerhouses as the time for the cosmic
10,000 races Heavens Pride battle Drew
nearer and nearer the entire human
Race's Prides one by one all felt a huge
pressure and all began to cultivate
frantically constantly refining
themselves time is gradually passing 3
months have passed in the blink of an
eye a lot has happened in these past
three months first it was blue star
universities by eing who had broken
through the seventh level of the trial
mystery realm and in one breath had
rushed to fifth place on the heavens
Pride ranking booking his ticket to the
10,000 rac's Heavens Pride battle in
advance then it was military Marshall
universities woy who had gone even
further in the three Army Mountain not
only mastering the fourth level of the
domain but also comprehending a mastery
squeezing seak Cliff out of first place
in Blue Star
University many senior
students one after another broke through
the sixth layer of the trial mystery
realm and in the subsequent Heavens
Pride battle selection
competition they were
unbeatable winning successive battles
during this period of time on the
Heaven's remarkable ranking the ranking
rotation was quite intense
l u who was still in 49th Place was
squeezed out early even if the heavens
remarks ranking expanded to 100 later he
was still
invisible fewer and fewer people are
talking about him that's normal after
all in the opinion of the vast majority
of people luu's realm was too low and it
would have been impossible for him to go
to the 10,000 Clans Heavens Pride battle
wait a few few more years before it's
his time
meanwhile there was only one month left
before the start of the 10,000 Clans
Heavens Pride battle the auditions have
also come to an end and the final
rankings which are about to be contested
Jin Shen Dojo luu slowly opened his eyes
three months of hard work he's made
great progress the number of
inscriptions mastered came to
921 among the inscriptions in tandem
came
781 the number of fused
inscriptions again is 12 as expected at
first the more the number of
inscriptions the more solid the
foundation and the fusion of
inscriptions the easier it became in
comparison during these three months luu
didn't practice hard by himself he
occasionally went back to ask his master
for advice and his old dad would also
teach him
regularly this caused luu to make rapid
progress Dharma is much more perfect
battle power is also increased on all
fronts the only thing that's unfortunate
is that
fieldwise there hasn't been much
progress as far as his current strength
was concerned breaking through the sixth
floor shouldn't be too much of a problem
whether or not one could break through
the seventh floor was still an unknown
according to what the onlookers were
saying without entering the realm no
matter how strong the Dharma phase was
it was impossible to break through the
seventh layer despite this luu still
decided to give it a try after all other
people it was absolutely impossible to
master 921
inscriptions luu didn't think much and
rushed directly to the secret realm of
trials in the secret realm of Trials as
the Marshall ancestor looked at the
arriving luu he immediately brightened
up and said with a smile little fellow
it's been a long time you've gotten
stronger again chapter 55 nope what
makes his Dharma face so strong the
moment Marshall ancestors words came out
the crowd who were still quietly lining
up immediately looked over
it's him 3 months in seclusion and you
finally can't help it I wonder how many
floors he can break into this time break
through the sixth floor or even the
seventh
unlikely although his talent is heaven
defying and his rate of progress is
terrifying this is the Dharma phase and
domain level the realm is too low and
too difficult to
comprehend we'll see how it turns out
wait and see what he does
these people murmured each one a little
curious about the results of luu's
seclusion luu looked towards the
Marshall ancestor and greeted him with a
smile Grandpa Marshall
ancestor long time no see the sixth
layer just happened to have an empty
slot so you can directly go and break
through the Marshall ancestor waved his
hand and said with a smile the reward
that I promised you last time I haven't
given it to you yet
if this time you can break through the
seventh layer I'll give you a good thing
hm Lu you was slightly stunned when he
heard this then
nodded good the crowd in line was
stunned to hear this wooo this it meant
that luu could definitely break through
the sixth floor and only the seventh
floor was considered a challenge in the
meantime luu had already passed through
the the teleportation portal and arrived
in the battle space on the sixth level
amidst the mountains The Towering giant
lowered his head little fellow of the
Third Realm you're here again these days
the sixth floor had seen a number of
trespassers come one after another but
there was no second trespasser from the
Third Realm other than luu
gatekeeper I'm here again luu laughed
then said loudly
please also give it your all yes the
gatekeeper glared and Heaven and Earth
changed color as dark clouds tumbled and
Thunder Dragons emerged Le stepped on
the white Jade Wind and Fire wheel and
raised his head to watch the wind and
clouds rise quietly observing the
transformation of Heaven and Earth the
Gale kept whistling a tree was uprooted
flying sand and Stones hovered the scene
was like the arrival of the end of the
world
luu however did not move at all as if he
was a c pin standing in midair Rumble
Dash a huge thunder dragon swooped down
from the dark clouds and attacked
towards
luyu however when it was about to hit
luu it was as if it had hit a wall of
air and automatically
collapsed I don't know when it started
the sword prison space has enveloped the
surrounding heaven and Earth and a small
head of thunder dragon cannot be shaken
at all Ray come help me the gatekeeper
knew that luu had gotten stronger and
more than a little bit stronger without
the slightest
hesitation he directly summoned 10,000
Thunder Dragons in the next instant it
was like a thunder pool tipping over as
countless Thunder Dragons successively
pounced luu's face did not change at all
however
as he quietly watched the scene and
could not help but feel emotion in his
heart the law of Heaven and Earth also
known as the law of Heaven and Earth has
been able to utilize the natural climate
to attack
opponents the essence of Dharma phase is
the fusion of
inscriptions and the essence of
inscriptions is the power of Heaven and
Earth it is part of the rules a
materialization of the laws one of the
Essences of this universe a few months
ago I had only a superficial and shallow
understanding of all this and was unable
to realize the essence at all but now
after I've mastered so many
inscriptions I have a whole new
understanding of the power of Heaven and
Earth of the materialization of laws
sure enough just as I
suspected even if it's the same phallic
phase there's a big difference because
of the different number of inscriptions
having mastered 921
inscriptions I become more than a little
stronger is this a whole new path will
there be a qualitative change when I
master 1,000 inscriptions in some more
days 3 months ago luu could be said to
be powerless in the face of this ninth
level of dharma's guardian and could
only Marvel at the power and Terror of
his opponent but at the moment letting
thousands of Thunder Dragons bombard the
sword prison
space however did not move at all and
did not show the slightest sign of
collapsing at this moment luu had not
yet arrived at the ninth level of the
Dharma phase but due to the number of
inscriptions he had mastered it was too
terrifying
instead the opponents turned out to be
outwardly
stupid well it can be over without the
slight
hesitation luu raised his hand and
struck his sword Paul returned to the
ruins as this sword cut out thousands of
Thunder Dragons collapsed the dark
clouds in the sky were sliced in half
the Gusty winds stopped abruptly and the
torrential rain
disappeared above the sky the guardian
looked at the sword in shock and before
he could react his huge head all already
rolled down then the huge body of the
barrier keeper fell to the ground
smashing the mountains and rivers and
cracking the Earth go on seventh floor
luu retrieved his long sword and
continued to break through the barrier
he wanted to see where the so-called
domain powerhouses were strong as luu
broke through the sixth layer the
Marshall ancestor's eyes immediately lit
up and he couldn't help but smile not
bad
just one sword and you've broken through
the sixth floor when this was said the
people in the queue were stunned who
just one sword and breaking through the
sixth layer this was too much in the
entire blue star
University there were only a handful of
people who could do this someone
couldn't help but ask Marshall
ancestor Grandpa Marshall ancestor
who exactly has broken through the sixth
floor
hm hearing this Marshall ancestor
glanced at the man and said in a
somewhat strange manner who else could
it be besides luu hearing this the crowd
looked at each other all of them could
see the shock in each other's eyes even
though they had already prepared
themselves mentally before this they all
knew that luu might break through the
sixth floor after all Marshall ancestor
had said that kind of thing expecting
luu to break through the seventh floor
wouldn't it be a joke if they stopped at
the sixth floor so the sixth floor you
should be able to break through but what
they did not expect at all was for luu
to break through the sixth floor with
just one sword many people were secretly
staggered and couldn't help but mutter
it won't really be possible to break
through the seventh floor right
impossible the seven layer is a domain
layer I don't think so but it's really
possible that he broke through the sixth
layer with a single sword a 4-year-old
domain
Powerhouse no kidding I can't take it
the news went viral and attracted a lot
of attention at the time luu had broken
through the sixth layer this was not a
surprise in 3 months time with his
terrifying growth rate it could be
considered very normal for him to
progress
again however he had killed a ninth
level Dharma fase Powerhouse from the
sixth level with a single sword so it
was not the same concept for a while
these people open the live stream to
watch luu's breakthrough live feed luu
did not unfold the domain it was still
the fantasm plus sword prison fiercely
exchanging blows with the seventh level
Guardians many people couldn't help but
shake their heads when they saw this
scene he hasn't mastered the domain yet
he only has a sword move that can barely
be considered a domain prototype so it
seems like he won't be able to break
through to the seventh floor that's
right the difference between a domain
and a phallic phase is too great it's
not on the same level at all yeah a
Dharma phase Powerhouse can never beat a
domain
Powerhouse the Gap is too big no one was
optimistic about luu even though he had
killed the sixth level Guardian with a
single sword the point of not having a
domain doomed him to defeat right at
this moment someone spoke up if this is
the case then why is he able to
pressurize the seventh level's domain
Guardians to fight at those words
several people around them froze looking
at the live Feet Again one's expression
became somewhat
yeah what's going on here why is it that
the Dharma face can suppress the domain
nope what makes his fantasm so strong
chapter 156 sword breaking the seventh
level move forward in time a little bit
the secret realm of Trials seventh level
ha three Realms the gatekeeper looked at
luu who had barged in here
and couldn't help but stare he asked
with some
surprise little one how did you break in
here luu's surprise at the guardian's
surprise was not surprising he raised
the sword in his hand
naturally he chopped over little fellow
have you mastered the domain the
gatekeeper came to be interested and
asked again not yet luu shook his head
not yet hearing this the gatekeeper
shook his head and said since you
haven't mastered the domain you can only
stop here the difference between a
domain and a phallic phase is much
greater than you think all under the
domain are ants that's no joke you can
never beat the field without it I
naturally know all of this please teach
me L you however was not the least bit
afraid and spoke with a smile let me see
the power of the
domain okay I'll show you a thing or two
the gatekeeper smiled and nodded then he
just gently raised his hand and the
space around him quickly
transformed the DSE to the extreme
Darkness field crazily expanding but in
a matter of moments it completely
shrouded the space of the seventh floor
the sun and the moon are not shining
and the sky and the Earth are changing
everything everything is within the
field in this instant luu was surprised
to realize that he couldn't breathe it's
not an illusion it's literally
impossible to breathe my domain is named
Great Dark Heaven within the realm I am
God the gatekeeper looked at luu smiled
faintly and said indifferently
hurry up and make a move if you don't
make a move then you won't have a chance
luu didn't take it too seriously and
hurriedly cast his Dharma phase then
released his sword prison using it to
counter the domain whom domain
fledgling not bad not bad the guardian
felt the change in space and nodded
commenting with a
smile however a fledgling is just a
fledgling against a real domain it's not
at all before these words were finished
the face of the gatekeeper changed a
sword returned to ruin stabbed and the
entire domain was nearly torn apart with
the power of the field the keeper
narrowly dodged he looked at luu and
disbelief how could the power of this
sword be so great if he had reacted a
little slower just now
I'm afraid the fight would have already
ended luu didn't even give him a chance
to catch his breath as another sword
attacked Paul returned to the
ruins this sword was even more powerful
than the previous one under the
terrifying sword power the darkness that
surrounded Heaven and Earth seemed to be
dispersed Great Dark Heaven the guardian
blared and reached out within the domain
of Darkness countless pairs of large
black hands immediately
emerged from all directions grabbing
towards luu the large black hands that
covered the sky were the special ability
of this domain and any Dharma phase
Dharma Powerhouse that came in would be
easily torn to shreds of Flesh and Blood
ripping off bones making it difficult to
move an inch however to the guardian's
dismay the strength of this little gu
phallic phase was a bit too perverted
and it couldn't be torn apart for a
while how is that possible the
gatekeeper was a little
confused it was the first time he had
encountered this kind of
fantasm this has never happened before
as this sword stabbed a pair of large
dark hands were continuously stirred up
and this sword was thus deflected and
stabbed up into the sky thumbs up above
the sky a huge gash was torn open as the
gatekeeper watched the scene he was
shocked and angry for a moment and his
face was filled with a look of
disbelief no way absolutely not how can
air Dharma FAS martial artist Tera Park
my domain just as he was stunned Lou you
killed again without any reasoning at
all it was still an incomparably
terrifying sword the gatekeeper who was
still putting up a vicious fight was
directly beaten and routed at this
moment with sword after after sword the
entire realm was sliced to pieces and it
was almost impossible to maintain it luu
looked at him with some disappointment
and couldn't help but ask is this a
domain
Powerhouse is this what you call all
ants under the domain can you show me
your true strength when the gatekeeper
heard this he was so angry that he
almost spat out a mouthful of Old Blood
he had never dreamed that a small Dharma
fase martial artist could be this strong
who's going to argue with that under
normal
circumstances the fantasm would not be a
match for the domain at all even if he
was only a domain one it would still be
the absolutely Superior party but right
now it's clearly not a normal situation
blue star
University everyone who saw this scene
had their jaws dropped no the Dharma
phase is pressing down on the domain
is there any
mistake this this is not
scientific it's totally
unreasonable the power of this sword
sword is truly too
terrifying even the domain can be torn
apart and the strength of his fantasm is
so high that even the domain hand of the
great Darkness heaven couldn't tear it
apart crazy am I crazy or are you guys
crazy my God all of the students
watching the live broadcast were stunned
and for a while they all kind of
couldn't believe their eyes they only
came back to their senses after Lu you
shattered the domain with a single sword
and killed the seventh level Guardian
breaking through the seventh level break
in just go through with it not even
mastering the domain yet and you were
able to break through the seventh floor
what happened to the saying that all
under the domain are mole crickets
inside the chance 's office at Blue Star
University Fong Wang was discussing the
10,000 races Heavens Pride battle with
uaga the principal of the military
Marshall
University suddenly he raised his
eyebrows and revealed a surprised look
ha what's wrong Yaga glanced at Fang and
asked lightly a student has broken
through the seventh level of the trial
Mysteries Fong Wang spoke oh
congratulations when yagar heard this he
said with some Envy you're blue star
University you really do have a lot of
talent this is already the third
Heavenly Pride to break through the
seventh floor isn't it guess who this
person is Fong Wang raised his head and
asked with a smile look at you fooling
around don't sell out Yaga laughed and
shook his head I'm afraid you'll be
shocked when I say it Fong Guang laughed
it's just the seventh layer just gaining
the qualification to participate in the
battle of the 10,000 Clans why would I
be shocked Yaga said
unimpressed is that so Fong Wang said
with a smile then what if I say that
this student who broke through the
seventh layer is the son of the Marshall
saint that four-year-old luu as soon as
these words came out yaga's eyes widened
and he was a bit incredulous for a
moment who who did you just say he was
luu Fong Wang repeated with a smile it's
not Yaba scalp was a bit numb and he
couldn't help but say I remember he's
only four years old and his realm is
only the Third Realm right how could he
possibly break through the seventh floor
you're not kidding no kidding
honestly I also feel
incredible but that's the truth Fong
Wang shook his head and couldn't help
but exclaim in
admiration
unexpected truly
unexpected he actually broke through to
the seventh floor took the ticket to the
10,000 Clans Heavens Pride battle
chapter 157 reserving tickets for the
heaven Pride battle Schwan wo
how did he break through Yaga couldn't
help but ask just four years old and
he's able to master the domain the
Marshall Saints back then weren't this
perverted were they he doesn't seem to
have mastered the
domain yet Fong Wang frowned didn't
Master the domain Yaga was even more
surprised then how did he break through
the seventh floor just take a look Fong
Guang was also a bit curious and
hurriedly pulled up the video of the
break-in and began to watch it
yagua who was on the side also looked
over
curiously ha just after looking at them
for a while the two Wu presidents stared
with white eyes it's not right the
strength of this fantasm is very off he
was actually able to resist the tearing
of the domain how many inscriptions has
this son of the Marshall Saint mastered
the completion of the fantasm is closely
related to the fusion of
inscriptions but the strength of the
fantasm is also directly related to the
number of
inscriptions what a fierce sword this is
the extreme returning ruin he's almost
mastered the essence of this sword the
Dharma phase is pressing down on the
domain I never dreamed that this would
happen this little Marshall saint of
ours is too Heaven defying the the duo
watched the break-in video and couldn't
help but tsk tsk tsk in amazement by
virtue of Dharma alone it overcame the
realm wait until the seventh floorkeeper
Falls Yaga couldn't help but say when
this news spreads the other University's
Heavenly Prides one by one I'm afraid
they'll be struck down it's good to
stimulate them the top seedlings of this
session of the heavens Pride battle are
too few Fong shook his head and said
with a smile also the Heaven's
remarkable ranking can be updated again
this Lou 's
ranking well it's good to be ranked
fifth you're still as wicked as ever
Yaga didn't know how to comment on the
fact that the hallowed Marshall Emperor
the chancellor of blue star
University had secretly made a human
Celestial Pride ranking If This Were to
be rumored I am afraid it would make
many people's jaws drop soon the
official website of the human Heavens
Pride ranking rankings are updated
rankings change and this message
automatically pushed to all
subscribers initially these people did
not care just casually glanced at look
at the changes in this phase of the
heavens pride list what kind of ranking
changes
then they saw that luu's name which
appeared in the fifth position aha many
people couldn't help but squint their
eyes when they saw the scene and thought
they had misread it but this is clearly
not a
misreading the fifth indeed is
luu
Shady this is definitely Shady isn't it
luu had almost disappeared from this
list before how could he suddenly
Scamper up to fifth he's only four years
old how come he's ranked fifth on the
human Race's Heavens Pride ranking this
is too
ridiculous the people who saw this scene
of eating could not help but spit out
the black mail thinking that the owner
of this website is using his power for
personal gain a Discerning I can see the
problem at a glance during these recent
months luu was completely silent
how did you get to fifth place all of a
sudden it's not that he doesn't have the
talent quite the contrary luu was the
one whose Talent was the strongest of
all but he's too young he's only four
this year before and after but
cultivation was only 2 years now
suddenly ranked fifth on the heavens
Pride ranking could it be that this time
in the 10,000 races Heavens Pride battle
luu is also going to fight what a joke
regardless of what the foodie spew this
human Pride ranking is a reason list of
reasons four months ago luu was at Blue
Star
University breaking through four levels
of the trial mysteries in a row and
ranked 49th on the heavens pride list at
the time
unfortunately it has been completely
silent since then gradually being
overtaken by others and ranking outside
the top 100 overall yet these four
months of hard training have allowed his
strength to
Skyrocket just now he broke through the
sixth and seventh layers of the trial
Mystic realm in one breath becoming the
current blue star
University the third student to break
through the seventh layer it is worth
noting that luu has not mastered the
domain and is using the Dharma phase
realm to fight against the domain realm
forcing his way through this level this
performance is
unparalleled the number of inscriptions
he has mastered I'm afraid it's very
terrifying which leads to the extremely
high strength of the phallic phase
making the general realm realm can't do
anything to him at all which is the key
to the phallic phases reversal of the
realm as far as the comprehensive
performance is concerned a first or
second level domain martial artist is no
match for him at all
thus placing him in the fifth place of
the heavens Pride ranking as soon as
this Heavens pride list came out the
major news outlets caught wind of the
story and scrambled to cover it numerous
front page headlines with direct red
bold headlines l u the son of the
Marshall Saint may represent the human
race in the 10,000 races Heavenly Pride
battle TL list updated the fifth place
changed hands you'll never guess who it
is the strongest Heavens pride in
history appears there are still
variables in the candidate for the human
Race's Heaven's Pride battle the first
Heavenly pride in the history of mankind
defeating the realm realm at the age of
four as a story was published there was
an immediate uproar in this world where
information was extremely developed in
just a day's time the news about luu
being ranked fifth in the heavens
remarkable ranking had spread to every
corner of the human race for a while no
one knew what was going on no one
expected this son of the Marshall Saint
a Heavenly Pride that should have risen
to prominence in the future had even
made an early appearance he had broken
through to the seventh level of the blue
star University's trial secret realm
which meant booking a ticket to the
10,000 Clans Heavens Pride battle as
long as Lu you was willing he could
directly participate in the 10,000 Clans
Heavens Pride battle no doubt this has
generated quite a heated discussion some
people praised luu's terrifying and
unprecedented talent and he was bound to
become the second Marshall Saint in the
future some people question the
possibility of shady
practices after all the other
participants they needed to go through
the audition rounds the selection rounds
and fight over one after another
eliminating countless opponents in order
to qualify for the 10,000 races Heavens
Pride battle
luu on the other hand had only broken
through the seventh level of the secret
realm of Trials to
qualify that's not fair to the other
players if there was a dark secret in it
it would simply be the greatest insult
to the pride of the human race some
people also stood out and refuted saying
that blue star
University military Marshall
University and star Marshall
University all had similarly reserved
spots so why didn't they go and question
the other
contestants but specifically came to
question luu could it be that other
people don't have to compete they just
get the ticket qualification and have no
problem with it but luu has a problem
with it those who stood out and
questioned it immediately retorted back
luu was too young his cultivation time
was too short and his combat experience
was too little and on top of that he
hadn't mastered the domain yet the other
players who had gotten their tickets in
advance were without exception all
strong masters of the domain in addition
they were also very experienced in
combat having practiced for many years
and had an extraordinarily solid
foundation as for luu his flaws were too
obvious if he was allowed to directly
participate in the 10,000 Clans Heavens
Pride battle and was eliminated in one
round who would be
responsible for a while each side argued
and argued and no one could convince
anyone chapter 158 a farce five embodied
Spirit pill luu had broken through the
seventh level of the trial Mystic realm
and gotten the qualification to attend
the 10,000 Clans Heavens Pride battle
this would mean that he squeezed out an
alternate character this unlucky bastard
was called Su Dawan the number one
Heavenly pride of sirious stars five
Realms along the way he eliminated
countless opponents breaking through
round after round and could be said to
have experienced many hardships and
dangers before finally getting the
ticket to the 10,000 Clans Heavens Pride
battle as a result because of luu's
appearance the tickets that had arrived
suddenly flew away how can this not be
urgent nature is in a hurry sud Dawan is
not convinced and neither are his fans
it's more than normal to think that
there must be something Shady going on
here so it was that Su Dawan and his
fans sent out a protest to the
officials as a result officials simply
ignored it Su Dawan continued to test
wanting to fight luu as long as he lost
he was
convinced at that time luu would be able
to convince the public when he went out
to fight in the 10,000 Clan's Heavenly
Pride battle sudou chuan's idea was a
good one sort of giving the officials a
leg up and luu a chance to prove himself
as long as luu was confident in his own
strength then he would definitely not
refuse and the officials should also AG
results officials or not luu acted as if
they hadn't heard his request simply
ignore it as if to say in a silent voice
you deserve it bully this is too much of
a bully sud Dawan felt very agreed that
the participation spot that should have
belonged to him had been snatched away
from him by the powers that beat just
like that as a result Su Dawan rallied
his fans and on major
websites various protests were made
which aroused the sympathy of many
people as things get bigger and bigger
officials had no choice but to offer an
explanation on the seventh level of blue
star University's trial secret realm the
Guardians were domain
powerhouses luu being able to break
through the seventh level meant that he
was able to defeat a primary domain
possessor with this kind of strength any
of the contestants in the selection
tournament would not be his opponent
this is not to be questioned in a
nutshell no controversy existed over
luu's place in the heavens Pride battle
as for sud dauan suggestion of a contest
sorry not at all let's weigh ourselves
first and see if we can beat a domain
Powerhouse if Su Dawan was still
unconvinced he could make an exception
and allow him to go to Blue Star
University and break into the secret
realm of TR s if he could also break
through the seventh floor then he could
also qualify for the heaven Pride battle
when Su daan saw this response he
readily agreed and immediately rushed to
Blue Star University to break into the
secret Realm of the trial as a special
invite unlike other blue star University
students his breakthrough was
exceptionally high in attention before
breaking through Su daan confidently
stated that since Lu you could break
through the seventh floor there was no
reason why he couldn't
unfortunately imagination is beautiful
and reality is bone dry not to mention
the seventh floor sudaan can't even
break through the sixth floor after
breaking through the sixth floor several
times over and over again he still
couldn't break through and was all but
slapped out Su Dawan was anxious his
fans were dumbfounded as well not why is
this sixth floor so difficult this
should be harder than the seventh floor
right there must be a problem how can
you pass the sixth floor when you said
you'd break through the seventh floor a
blue star University student came
forward and said when luu broke through
the sixth floor it was just a sword and
he broke through a complete Landslide
Victory as for what happened to Su daan
why can't you even break through this
sixth floor all I can say is practice
more if you're a vegetable if you can't
afford to lose don't play how dare you
try to touch Lu you with that good thing
I didn't waste anyone's time this farce
which made a lot of noise also allowed
countless melon eaters to further
understand what great luu's strength was
in fifth on the heavens remarkable
ranking was not a false name but a very
accurate ranking the skepticism on L
youu was much smaller as a result of
course those
skepticisms they didn't exactly go away
people who like conspiracy theories will
question them no matter how much you try
to prove yourself blue star
University byuing witnessed this farce
with his own eyes and couldn't help but
shake his head this little
luu after breaking into the secret Realm
of the trial he immediately closed down
and didn't care about the storm in the
outside world he's really calm and
collected now he's fifth on the heavens
remarkable ranking squeezing me down to
sixth that means it's Stronger than Me
by you jing blinked a bit
incredulous this growth in strength is
just too fast Dasha Heroes group as luu
broke through the seventh level of the
trial Mysteries and got the
qualification for the 10,000 races
Heavens Pride battle the group once
again boiled over big brother is awesome
big brother did it big brother is really
going to participate in the 10,000 Clans
Heavens Pride battle fifth on the
heavens remarks list it's a Pity if we
give big brother another half a year he
can definitely rush to number one there
are actually idiots on the internet who
dare to question big brother brothers
and sisters spray them
yes Marshall Saints residence by yuyo
looked at the latest news in
Surprise not this stupid kid really
wants to participate in the 10,000 Clans
Heavens Pride battle and really let him
get the
qualification broke through the seventh
level of the secret realm of Trials by
Yu ya couldn't help but blink her heart
filled with shock the reason was simple
even after graduating that year she
hadn't broken through the seventh floor
on the contrary it was Lu Chang xang who
had broken through the ninth floor
before
graduation causing countless people to
gasp in amazement now that luu had only
been enrolled in school for a year he
had broken through the seventh floor
which was a bit faster than Li changings
progress back then jaia wanan looked at
the information in front of him and
couldn't help but Furrow his brows after
faing to master the domain he broke
through the seventh floor and qualified
for the heaven Pride battle this is
quite a
surprise however this strength in the
10,000 Clans Heavens Pride battle can
only be considered as a medium level and
it's basically impossible to get a top
ranking time after all is too short
though having broken through the seventh
level of the secret realm of Trials
but luu was not the least bit proud the
reason is simple the guardian of the
eighth floor defeated him in just an
instant the fifth level of the domain's
Guardian simply incredibly strong just a
casual point a flash of Cold Light
stabbed L you lost
Consciousness not even the room to
resist losing is too dry the heart which
was still a bit Restless
instantly calmed down not even being
able to break through the eighth floor
and still wanting to obtain a top
ranking in the 10,000 Clans Heavens
Pride battle was tantam out to a Fool's
dream the difference is just too great
must find a way to catch up never waste
a single moment after failing to break
through the eighth floor luu immediately
came to the inscription stone monument
Hall and prepared to Enlighten and
cultivate here however to luu's surprise
there was someone who had come here
early and was waiting for him to come
over at the same time a quest prompt
flashed before his eyes stage one Quest
obtaining the qualification to
participate in the 10,000 Clans Heavenly
Pride battle has been completed Mission
reward five impregnated spiritual
Elixir already issued luu swept a glance
at the quest prompts and didn't take a
closer look at the effects of the five
impregnated Spirit pill
so he raised his head to look at the
person in front of him and opened his
mouth to ask you were expecting me
that's right I came all the way over
here to analyze the origin laws of the
domain way for you chapter 159 L Ching's
loss of
temperament the person who spoke was
clearly the lord of the secret realm of
Trials the human Marshall
ancestor hearing this luu blinked in
some surprise and couldn't help but ask
is this the gift you want to give me
right the Marshall ancestor smiled and
nodded you're about to master the domain
now but you haven't fully mastered it
yet I've come to analyze the origin laws
of the domain for you but it's just
right if you accidentally take the wrong
path in the way of The Realm by the time
you react it will be too late when these
words were finished luu asked with some
curiosity how are you going to parse
this for me one must know that luu's
teacher was a sword Emperor and his old
man was a marshall Saint with these two
great men is Teachers his cultivation
conditions were
unrivaled these two neither of them had
ever analyzed the domain's origin laws
for luu so how could Marshall ancestor
do this I know you kid have an
absolutely extraordinary life the
Marshall ancestors seem to have seen L
you thoughts and couldn't help but roll
his eyes as he continued but old me I've
lived for at least 4 to 5,000 years the
accumulation of this is not even
comparable to that human Marshall Saint
kid let me test you how do you think
about the nine layers of the battlefield
of this trial Mystic realm when L you
heard this he was slightly stunned and
after pondering for a moment he opened
his mouth and said
this secret realm of Trials Perhaps it
is a large scale domain hearing this the
martial ancestor looked at luu with some
surprise there are a few points of
Enlightenment however you are wrong in
this answer yes and no lu you was
somewhat unable to understand what do
you mean yes and no you can find out if
you come with me Marshall ancestor waved
his hand Lou you hurriedly
followed it was only a short distance
away when suddenly his feet stepped out
of the air luu was shocked to realize
that something was wrong and just as he
tried to
levitate his body felt like it had lost
control and plunged down the Marshall
ancestor on the side looked at him with
a smile on his face as if he wanted to
see his joke as a result when he saw
that luu didn't wince in fear the
Marshall ancestor couldn't help but
shake his head
meaningless uninteresting brat too much
guts too luu looked around the moment
was marvelous to watch like playing a
game stuck out of the map not far the
secret realm has nine layers of space
with nine battlefields on each layer a
total of 81 battlefields appeared
clearly beneath one
Battlefield there were countless chaotic
air currents supporting the entire
secret realm the Marshall ancestors
stood at his side pointing at the
chaotic air currents in the distance
interesting isn't it luu nodded it's the
first time I've seen the secret realm
from this perspective the Marshall
ancestor smiled and said that's natural
I'm the first Lord of The Secret Realm
of the human race and my Mastery of the
secret realm is the strongest one among
all the secret realm Lords I'll answer
you now that question just now you're
saying that this secret realm of Trials
is perhaps a large-scale domain why do I
say yes and no because the so-called
realm is only a rudimentary version of
The Secret realm an incomplete and
incomplete form hearing this luu nodded
and asked with some
curiosity you mean that the ultimate
direction of the domain's derivation is
the secret realm yes and no the the
Marshall ancestor shook his head L youu
what's with the talking points again you
see in a hurry again the Marshall
ancestors said with a smile listen to me
quietly and unfold the story there are
two directions of evolution after the
domain one type is to gradually expand
and
stabilize eventually forming a small
world on one side this stage is called
the Marshall King realm the that's why
in earlier times people called The
Marshall King realm the lord of the
world if one further becomes stronger
and Masters the four types of basic laws
earth water fire and wind so that that
small world gradually possesses
Vitality from the initial chaos to the
beginning of the heavens and earth from
disorder to order and from noo to taii
eventually becoming a small world that
truly has living beings this stage is
called Marshall Emperor
earlier people called The Marshall
Emperor realm the god of the world
hearing this luu asked with some
curiosity what about the Marshall Saint
when these words came out Marshall
ancestor couldn't help but glance at
louu this little guy he's looking for a
fight isn't he
I'm not a martial arts Saint so how
would I know what difference a martial
arts Saint makes the martial ancestors
said without any good humor don't
interrupt we are now talking about the
stage evolution of Marshall King and
Marshall Emperor Marshall Saint wait
until you grow up later luu blinked and
closed his mouth the Marshall ancestor
continued other than that there is
another path return greatness to your
yourself fusing the realm into the
physical body and creating a heaven and
earth of its own within the body this is
the path to becoming an emperor in the
physical body you've comprehended so
many
inscriptions and your physical body and
Dharma phase are exceptionally powerful
so you can try this path when luu heard
this he subconsciously said after the
flesh becomes an
emperor then it should be able to become
a Saint In the Flesh as well the martial
ancestor nodded
theoretically of course it is
possible however there is only one
Marshal Saint in the human community so
far and the path is still made by people
so who knows if it's possible until it's
tried he then pointed at the secret
realm in the distance and
continued next I will begin to explain
the evolution of this secret realm to
you from tight e to Tao to
taer
taiu and finally Tai Chi these five
stages of the derivation process are the
origin laws of the domain way how much
you can comprehend will depend on
yourself luu nodded slightly and
hurriedly sat down on his knees
listening carefully to the Marshall
ancestors teachings it had to be said
that Marshall ancestors accumulation of
four 0000 to 5 000000 years was still
something the explanation of the way of
the realm is an eye-opening one that
goes from the shallow to the deep and
analyzes it layer by layer with all
kinds of Novel
perspectives in just one day luu had
mastered the true meaning of the domain
sure trying to cast a field is still
quite a bit short in addition luu was
also thinking about which path he was
taking regular field routes or do you
attribute greatness to yourself there's
a big difference it amounts to two
diametrically opposed paths luu didn't
decide in a hurry but instead made a
direct communication call to his dad
where was the need for self- worry since
there was the Marshall sa pops other
people are suffering from the lack of a
famous teacher to guide them and they
can only grope around by themselves so
they are all sorts of blindly figuring
things out luu had this condition and it
would be stupid to figure it out on his
own soon the comms call went through my
little Marshall Saint what's your
problem Lu Chan Chang asked
flirtatiously luu hastily threw out his
question when Lu Chang xang heard this
he glanced at luu with some surprise
you've already mastered the true meaning
of the domain that's right L un noted
and roughly told him about the Marshall
ancestors
teachings I see no wonder Lou chonging
smiled and
continued this question is actually very
easy to answer just look at the number
of inscriptions you have if you master a
large enough number of
inscriptions you can completely take the
path of becoming a saint In the Flesh
compared to the
domains this path is much purer but it's
also a more demanding by the way how
many inscriptions have you mastered now
luu answered
truthfully
921 what how many did you say Lu
changing couldn't help but widen his
eyes it was the first time in a long
time that he had been so out of sorts
chapter 160 the five embodied spiritual
pills the way of fleshly sainthood
seeing his old man's reaction so so
great luu couldn't help but blink his
eyes to be honest he also knew that the
matter of him mastering 921 inscriptions
could be considered very
exaggerated usually when people
encounter this kind of
situation most of them will choose to
hide their clumsiness and not to show
their faces never put their strength
progress in the open only a portion of
it is exhibited at most then play the
pig in a poke when it counts but Lu you
was different his old man was a martial
arts Saint the most powerful person in
the entire human Community Bar None in
that case what is there to fear how much
strength growth greatly show it on the
line there is no need to cover up no
matter how powerful Lu you was others
would only exclaim worthy of being the
son of the Marshall
Saint however what Lou you didn't expect
was this time even his old man was
shocked Dad what's wrong with that Lu
looked up at Lu Chang Shang and asked
with a naive face is it bad to master
too many
inscriptions Lu Chong xen he shook his
head and said with a smile there's
nothing wrong with it this thing called
inscription of course the more you
master the better mastering so many
inscriptions you can indeed take the
path of becoming an emperor in the
flesh however if you want to take the
path of becoming a saint In the Flesh
then find a way to continue
comprehending
inscriptions 921 inscriptions Aren't
Enough at least one 000000 inscriptions
must be mastered after mastering a
thousand
inscriptions you'll find it much easier
to walk this path again
Lu Chang Chang then barked out a few
more points about what needed to be
taken care of in Terms of domain
insights Lu Chong xang might not be as
good as Marshall ancestors accumulation
of four 000000 to 5 000000
years however as far as the cultivation
path was concerned he was able to give
the most correct answer with a high
level after luu heard this he
immediately knew what he should do
next luu first went to the inscription
Stone tablet Hall to continue
comprehending the
inscriptions
previously he had broken through six or
seven layers of the trial mysteries in a
row and had 14 more days of
Enlightenment time inside the Great Hall
of inscribed Stones luu sat cross-legged
viewing a stone tablet and suddenly
thought of something almost forgot luu
Hast hly glanced at the system panel the
five
aphrodisiacs rank eighth quality perfect
type
consumable effects after taking it it
can enhance the internal circulation of
the five viscera and at the same time
improve the attributes of the five
aspects of attack
defense she Divine sense and
Longevity description collect in the
five aggregate Elixir created by the
color
receptivity thought action and knowledge
Aggregates a superb Elixir that can be
taken even by Ordinary People luu's eyes
lit up as he looked at the five
aggregate Spirit pill in front of him
good stuff unquestionably good stuff he
was currently in the middle to late
stages of refining the viscera and if he
wanted to successfully enter the blood
train transformation realm he had to
refine his five viscera to a sufficient
strength the process was no less tedious
than bone forging
moreover the five viscera were extremely
fragile and it was more difficult to
exercise them than forging bones this
five implications Spirit pill could not
only enhance the internal circulation of
the five viscera but also increase the
attributes of the five areas of attack
defense she
Divine sense and
Longevity whether it was the progress of
refining the dirty organs or the battle
power in the future it would be much
higher without the slightest
hesitation luu directly took this
spiritual
elixir in this instant Lu you only felt
a warm current entering his stomach then
gradually spreading to the five viscera
and six bowels beyond the stomach then
all the limbs and bones
and finally even his mind became clearer
an Indescribable feeling of pleasure
instantly surged through his heart luu
felt that all over his body all his
cells were boiling and cheering the
effect of the five embodied Spirit pills
can be described as simple and crude
directly
enhancing it doesn't even talk about
sublimation or anything like that after
a long time luu came back to his senses
and began to continue to role in the
inscriptions as the saying goes sharpen
your knives after taking this five
impregnated Spirit pill luu felt that
his speed of Enlightenment was on a
higher level that's good news a wink 14
days passed when luu opened his eyes
again inscription after inscription
flashed in his eyes in these 14 days 80
inscriptions were comprehended before
and
after finally bringing the number of
mastered
inscriptions to
1,1 the cap has not been reached yet
though however luu could clearly feel
that the speed of penetrating the
inscriptions had obviously slowed down
quite a bit if it wasn't for the fact
that the five impregnated Spirit pill
had strengthened the body and increased
the speed of
Enlightenment I'm afraid that it would
be difficult to even break through a
thousand well it's still breaking a
thousand
after leaving the inscription stone
monument Hall luu immediately went to
the god suppressing
Dojo I have to hurry up there's still
half a month left before the 10,000
Clans Heavens Pride battle begins now
that we've reached the final hurdle if
we can't take the final step even if we
go to the 10,000 Clans Heavens Pride
battle we won't have any good results
not to mention rushing to the top
rankings and getting a strand of the of
civilization luu glanced at the time and
came to a sense of
urgency have to say the difficulty of
this task is just too high but even if
it was so difficult it had finally come
this far so naturally there was no
reason to give up in the Xin Shin Dojo
luu casually found a futon and sat on
his knees beginning to conb through the
14 days of Enlightenment gained earlier
and then melting it down and then
attempting to step into that final step
the path to sainthood In the Flesh
attribute all greatness to themselves
what made luu a little surprised was
that he had originally thought that this
step would be very difficult it would
take at least a few days if not a dozen
days to make some progress who knew that
after just a moment of
Enlightenment there would be progress
luu's eyes lit up up he could clearly
feel that he already had a foot a solid
foot in the door the original path was
from the inside out gradually
transforming one's fantasm into a domain
but at this moment it had completely
changed direction from the outside in
compressing even further accompanied by
the flickering of one inscription after
another the strength of luu's fleshly
body began to
sublimate not long ago
luu's dad had said that after mastering
a thousand
inscriptions you'll feel much more
relaxed when you walk this path again
this statement is true this path should
have originally been difficult to walk
on at this moment with The Shining of a
thousand
inscriptions the path opened up and
turned into a chang Kong Avenue and it
was very easy to step in and walk on it
one day 2 days 3 days when L you opened
his eyes again it was already 14 days
later
almost it's possible to continue to have
epiphanies but then there's no time to
catch up
unfortunately if I were given another
half a year's time no 3 months time the
10,000 Clans Heavens Pride battle would
be more manageable for me now we can
only take one step at a time Lu you let
out a soft sigh
then stood up left the god suppressing
dojo and went on another trip to the
secret realm of Trials it's time to
validate the growth that has taken place
over the past month using a domain 5
Guardian as a litus test to try out
one's
accomplishments see what is different
about this way of fleshly sainthood
chapter 161 he won't really be able to
break through the eighth floor right The
Secret World of Trials
many students are lined up here when
they saw luu enter they were all stunned
and subconsciously moved aside from the
line in the entire blue star
University there weren't many who broke
through the eighth floor so there was no
need to queue up at all and they were
able to enter directly the Marshall
ancestor glanced at luu and his eyes lit
up before he smiled and said you've
taken this path after all yeah
luu nodded slightly and spoke during
this period of time there has been a
small
Improvement so I specifically broke into
the eighth floor to verify my growth are
you sure Marshall ancestor asked no lu
youu shook his head when these words
came out those students in line
subconsciously breathed a sigh of relief
it's scary listening to the conversation
between the Marshall ancestor and luu
one would have thought that luu had only
been in seclusion for a month and was
able to break through the eighth floor
currently in the entire blue star
University out of all the students none
of them could break through the eighth
floor looking at the entire range of the
human race there wasn't a single
Heavenly Pride that could break through
the eighth floor even the Marshall
Madman of the military Marshall
University had only mastered the fourth
level of the domain and it was
impossible for him to break through the
eighth level of this secret realm of
Trials if luu had broken through the
eighth floor wouldn't he have directly
topped the human race Heaven's
remarkable ranking four years old number
one on the heavens pride list are you
kidding me of course he was now in the
fifth place of the heavens remarkable
ranking which was already exaggerated
enough not continuing to make Small Talk
the Marshall ancestors simply reached
out and waved his hand a door slowly
opened in midair luu did not hesitate
and stepped on the white Jade wind and
Fir wheeel directly drilling into it
eighth floor the clouds are like the sky
in the distance sat a domain keeper when
he saw luu coming over he didn't
exchange
pleasantries not to mention nonsense and
raised his hand to unfold The Domain in
an instant the cold wind whistled
incessantly and the snowflakes that were
frozen into ice particles were
accompanied by the blistering wind
flapping everywhere this field is called
thousand miles of ice last time I broke
in here the other party directly
unfolded the field followed by a flash
of Cold Light stabbed luu almost did not
react to it is a black eye directly lost
consciousness
at this moment the other party still
didn't talk nonsense and repeated the
same trick raising his hand again FW a
cold light
stabbed this time however luu was able
to see clearly he dodged his opponent's
attack by simply tilting his head the
attack didn't create much of a commotion
when it didn't enter the iceberg behind
luu but instead it noiselessly ran and
through the entire Iceberg appearing as
a deep bottomless hole in the eye good
means L you
marveled that cold light was not any
special treasure but a piece of broken
ice such a simple attack had such a
great power the doorway of it was really
not simple seeing luu dodging this
strike the gatekeeper seemed a bit
surprised but he still didn't say
anything
just raised his hand again in the next
second above the sky the wind rose in
countless ice crystals rapidly condensed
in midair and at a glance The Cold Light
flickered densely packed in countless
the amount it's
horrifying when this crushed ice hits
how to hide again
obviously after just a simple test the
the other side moved straight to the
real thing luu couldn't help but Marvel
in his heart the difficulty of this
eighth layer was truly
extraordinary no wonder after so much
time had passed there wasn't a single
student from Blue Star University that
had broken through the eighth floor the
difficulty of each layer is straight up
the seventh layer was still domain one
and the eighth layer was directly domain
5 even if the students of blue star
University were even more more demonic
and talented it would be difficult for
them to break through this eighth floor
then again back then when old dad Lu
Chang Chang broke through the ninth
floor and cleared the entire trial
mystery realm at the fifth realm what
kind of spiritedness was he that's
exactly what the saying goes if you
don't practice you'll see me as a frog
in a well looking up at the Moon if you
practice you will see me like a mayfly
looking up at the sky it's so
heartwarming many thoughts just flashed
by luu's eyes glowed without the
slightest bit of fear as he raised the
long sword in his hand his body's
inscriptions blooming with a different
kind of light whereas the light of
inscriptions used to be a shining
undisguised light at this moment Lou you
was full of
introverted hazy light seeing this the
Guardians on the eighth floor were
somewhat surprised and couldn't help but
open their mouths and muttered to
themselves the way of Flesh becoming
Emperor it's been a while since I've
seen an opponent like this
interesting what fun let's see whether
your flesh body becomes Emperor way is
powerful or my thousand M ice seal is
powerful blue star
University where is
luu still
practicing no he's not seen in the Xin
Shin Dojo either obviously he was in the
Xin Shin Dojo before where did he run
off to principal Fong Guang was a bit
strange there are still two days to go
before the 10,000 Clans Heaven Pride
battle begins doesn't he know that he
has to gather earlier where did he go at
this juncture I can't even get through
to him soon the AI reported luu's Trail
just a few minutes ago luu went to the
secret realm of
Trials what Fong Wang couldn't but be
happy when he heard this going to the
secret realm of Trials at this juncture
is this an intention to break through
the eighth layer that's just it we'll
just have to wait for him again time is
a little tight but for a while it can
wait it seems that during this month of
seclusion this little fellow Lu youu has
made a lot of progress otherwise he
wouldn't have broken through the eighth
floor again however
the difficulty of this eighth layer is
extraordinary it's just too hard to
break through let's see how he breaks in
first after all there's a difference
between good and bad performance when
you can't break in all the same Fone
casually made a point on the light
screen in front of him and the image
suddenly changed rapidly on the eighth
level of the secret realm of Trials
luu's breakthrough immediately appeared
on the screen ha
as a marshall Emperor Fong Wang could
tell at a glance that something was
wrong he narrowed his eyes and reached
out to zoom in on the light screen soon
the light screen projection grew larger
the battle on the eighth floor emerged
more clearly this time Fong Guang saw it
clearly this is truly the way of Flesh
becoming an emperor Fong guang's eyes
whitened as his heart grew more and more
surprised even though it had long been
known that luu had mastered a very large
number of
inscriptions which led to the
extraordinary strength of his Dharma
Phantom and he was even able to
counteract the first level of the domain
with the Dharma Phantom realm still he
did not expect luu to go on the path of
becoming an emperor in the flesh this
meant luu had mastered at least 500
inscriptions it's a tough and bumpy road
but it's not one that hasn't been
traveled with the huge number of human
community
any Marshal path has been tried by
someone for example
armsmen Mecca martial
artists medicine martial artists Nemesis
martial
artists psychic martial
artists and so on this way of becoming
an emperor in the flesh had likewise
been attempted by quite a few people
only the prerequisites for taking this
path are high and require Mastery of
enough inscriptions
but for the average person there is an
upper limit to the number of
inscriptions that can be mastered unless
the bloodline was special and gifted
there was a certain chance once one
succeeded in stepping onto this path the
increase in battle power was terrifying
Fong Guang stared dead on the screen and
subconsciously held his breath when he
saw luu hardening himself against the
domain attacks and explosively hammering
the eighth level Guardian he won't
really be able to break through the
eighth floor right chapter 162 sword
breaking the eighth layer inside a
lounge a few people were chatting over
here these people were all clearly the
top 10 existences on the heaven Pride
ranking Marshall Invincible from
military Marshall
University gawan from Star Marshall
University in addition to Sia and by
eugin from Blue Star
University there were also a few who had
gone through the auditions and
selections breaking through all the way
to finally get the ticket for the 10,000
Clans Heavens Pride battle true Geniuses
had Pride but they would become humble
when facing the same genius and at the
moment they were engaging in a business
Mutual
admiration at the military Marshall
University the wildly uncontrollable woo
wooy who was known as W Maniac was
currently drinking tea as if he was a
modest gentle
he smiled and said if it wasn't for the
fluke of comprehending the fourth level
of the domain I wouldn't have been able
to take the first place in the Heaven's
Pride ranking this is really better luck
brother Sia has a solid
foundation it's only a matter of time
before he surpasses me brother Woo is
too modest being able to master the
fourth level of the domain is by no
means a matter of luck Sia shook his
head and said with emotion
as we all know the third and fourth
Realms may seem like there is only a
difference of one realm but in reality
it's a Heavenly Mo that is difficult to
cross yes for brother would to be able
to master the fourth level of the domain
for a short period of time is by no
means an easy task
gaan who was on the side also smiled and
chined in this 10,000 Clans Heaven Pride
battle it still depends on brother W
play where are these words from you guys
will definitely be able to enter the
fourth level of the domain it's just a
matter of time wooa shook his head maybe
after that you'll make a breakthrough on
the verge of battle the three big men
were blowing each other
commercially and a few people on the
side including
byuing had a hard time
interjecting after all
she was only at the first level of the
domain and compared to the third and
fourth level of the domain the Gap was
not normally large not to mention the
several people next to him who had only
mastered the fledgling forms of the
domains or even those who hadn't
mastered the domains byuing rested his
chin on one hand thinking somewhat borly
where is little luu why hasn't he come
over yet bored with idleness
byuing opened the projected light screen
and wandered around the blue star
University's forums soon she saw this
message the fifth place on the heavens
remarkable ranking the little Marshall
St luu has been in seclusion for nearly
a month and is once again breaking into
the secret realm of Trials H bayu Jing
raised an eyebrow and hastily clicked in
to take a look it's still true I saw it
thanks to the owner this luu seems to
have taken the path of becoming an
emperor with his physical body the
fleshly body can even carry the attacks
of the
domains this is too
terrifying it's still going on and it's
a very intense fight it's
wonderful I can't see much but I feel
that luu seems to have the upper hand no
lu you wouldn't really be able to break
through the eighth floor would he
this is the eighth level of the secret
realm of Trials if he breaks through
wouldn't he be directly ranked number
one on the heavens pride list it's crazy
it's crazy did anyone record the entire
battle I'm willing to pay a high price
for it scanning the replies below by
eugin pair of beautiful eyes instantly
whitened this is really breaking into
the eighth floor and still having the
upper hand without much thought by
yujing hurriedly spent his credits to
watch luu's breakthrough live the moment
the battle was already at a fever pitch
only Lu you was covered in wounds and
blood flowed all over his body as if he
had turned into a blood man but his eyes
were still bright and neither his Aura
nor his attacks had weakened they were
still incomparably Fierce on the other
hand the eighth floor Guardian on the
other side appeared to be intact but his
face gradually became pale the
advantages of the domain were obvious
and so were the flaws if the battle
could not be resolved quickly once the
situation was in a stalemate the
consumption of energy would become
terrifying even the fifth level of the
domain would have difficulty bearing
this huge price for a long time in
contrast it was luu's way of becoming an
emperor in flesh
attributing greatness to himself and the
consumption of that little attack was
nothing at all and luu's flesh body
becomes Emperor path seemed to be much
more powerful than the average person
who walked this path whether it was
defense or attack it was all very
outrageous it could be seen that he had
clearly just stepped onto the path and
if he were to switch to a domain it
would be the equivalent of domain one
however
at this moment he was pressing down on
the fifth level of the domain it looked
a bit of a mess but it did have the
upper hand could it be that Lu you could
really break through the eighth floor
think about it by Yu Jing subconsciously
held his breath someone off to the side
looked over
curiously what are you looking at what
kind of fight is this hauh several
people froze when they saw the battle
even the three men who were commercially
blowing each other off were
fascinated this is the eighth level of
the secret realm of Trials just by
sweeping this image Sia recognized it
and he couldn't help but open his mouth
who's breaking into the eighth layer
it's him Gowan stared at the little guy
in the screen and said with some
surprise I told you he didn't come after
waiting for such a long time so he's
breaking into the secret realm of Trials
he Dash wua looked at the image in front
of him with a wonderful expression luu's
fighting was pure
domineering and completely
irrational let your field be heavy and
all torn apart it just chases you and
cuts you this little guy's battle is
even more dominating than mine wooy
looked at the image in front of him and
also recognized it this is the way of
Flesh becomes
Emperor inside the
restroom several people all looked at
the image in front of them with dead
eyes as the battle
continues soon the battle was nearing
its end luu's offense gradually appeared
to be declining and the Guardians of the
eighth floor had finally found their
footing he raised his hand again and a
blizzard rained down across the entire
domain freeze everything freeze
everything
time or space free everything here
seeing luu reveal his decadence the
eighth floor Guardian knew that this was
the best opportunity and immediately
Unleashed his crushing
move however in an instant luu's
movements became stagnant and in the
next second his entire body was frozen
into an ice
sculpture within moments a huge ball of
ice encased him seeing this scene the
few people in the room couldn't help but
let out a sigh of relief few it's going
to end it seems that the break-in has
failed after all the Gap is so big that
failure is normal I'm afraid that his
comprehensive strength can enter the top
three of the Heaven's remarkable ranking
right almost able to break through it's
a Pity the only one who feels pity is by
eing obviously have fought to this
extent just a little bit short of the
last point we be able to break through
or is it a lost cause the secret world
of Trials eighth floor it's over what a
tough cookie the guardian breathed a
sigh of relief but I won after all the
advantage was so huge at the moment but
he still didn't drop his guard a pair of
I stared deathly at the ice ball
then reached out and was about to
eliminate luu
completely just then a sudden change
occurred the ice ball instantly
shattered and a flash of Sword light
violently attacked in just a split
second the eighth level's Guardian had
his head sliced off
gatekeeper die eighth
floor pass chapter 163 sword da tonin s
first practical battle battle ah the few
people in the lounge all stared in
disbelief when they saw the scene in
front of them one by one they stood up
no way this can't be right what's with
the sudden
reversal does that mean he still has a
card this a last minute
undercard that is to say a battle that
could clearly be over at the beginning
was dragged out hard to the very end
most likely
he was already going to lose as a result
the sword that erupted at the last
moment unexpectedly ended the battle in
an instant in fact not to mention them
even F Wang the president of blue star
University couldn't remain calm after
seeing the
scene however relative to these students
Fong Guang who is a marshal Emperor was
able to see some of the doorway The
Sword move in the last instant is some
kind of secret technique could it be a
secret technique passed down from the
Marshall Saint or the sword Emperor
himself the secret realm of Trials
eighth floor the Battle Is Over The
Guardian severed head spun in
midair his expression was very
complicated first he was full of
disbelief how how is that possible even
if this little guy could break free of
the freeze it was impossible for him to
directly decapitate himself the moment
he broke free this was followed by a
reactionary Huff he guessed that luu's
sword was his true card that is to say
this little guy across the street
clearly came up and could kill himself
in seconds but he preferred to fight
until the end when he thought he was
winning and only then accompl lished a
magnificent
Counterattack it's
humiliating he's humiliating himself luu
gasped the Guardians of this eighth
floor were truly powerful to the extreme
even after using all his strength he
could not help him at the last moment at
the moment he was about to be
eliminated he still used his bottom card
sword da tonin it was a natural ability
acquired from the system side a long
time ago
the effect is to constantly obtain the
power of the rules of the Dow of the
sword from the universe as well as from
the existence of the void and through
this to strengthen themselves briefly
possessing extremely powerful combat
power this natural
ability however has a major flaw that
was that these sword da rule forces did
not belong to luu and after forcibly
integrating them into his body they
would cause a certain degree of damage
to his physic physical body and even his
Spirit
earlier when luu was breaking into the
reincarnation Tower he didn't dare to
use this move even if the situation was
bad because he knew very well that the
consequences would be very
serious I'm afraid that once I use it
I'll lose more than I gain but now he is
on the path of physical
sanctification the flesh body had
already been strengthened to a certain
extent and the the risk of using this
move again was not as great sure even so
caution must be
exercised after all this was a killing
move that hurt the enemy a thousand
times and harmed himself 800 times
trying to use it out at the moment the
main reason was to see how well the move
worked as well as to verify how well it
would hold up
otherwise when it came to the 10,000
Clans Heavens Pride battle it would be
too risky to take the risk of using this
move not knowing how effective it would
be not to mention what the consequences
would be well as it stands now the
results are
overwhelming in just an instant he
decapitated the head of the eighth floor
Guardian as for the cost again it is not
small there were all sorts of Sword Dow
rule powers that didn't belong to leur
run running around in his body and the
tingling sensation came over in a steady
stream if he hadn't taken the path of
becoming a saint In the Flesh I'm afraid
that he would have been seriously
injured or even on the verge of death at
this moment needless to say this is
still an extremely treacherous
move however this move in addition to
killing the enemy and winning had
another benefit and that was that it
could be used to refer to the power of
those unknown sword Dow rules to grow
rapidly in strength the system had said
that the method was crazy but effective
and needed to be tried with caution
feeling the power of these sword Dow
rules luu's eyes lit up don't say it's
really working
unfortunately this was not the time for
enlightenment and there wasn't much time
left luu raised his head at this moment
after breaking through the eighth floor
you can go to the ninth floor break in
break in go check out the scenery on the
ninth floor luu naturally knew that he
was by no means a match for this ninth
level keeper but the courage to try is
still there didn't think much of it luu
directly broke into the ninth floor
inside the lounge Sia's eyes were a
little complicated when he saw the scene
he hadn't even broken through to the
eighth floor but l u a rising star was
able to see the scenery of the ninth
floor a long time ago I heard that luu
had broken through the first floor how
long ago was it how long had it been and
he was already navigating the scenery of
the ninth floor
exaggeration this rate of progress is
just too much since the Inception of
blue star
university only a handful of students
had broken through the eighth floor
there was even only one who had broken
through the ninth floor could it be that
the second one to break through the
ninth floor was going to appear now they
say he's a martial arts saint of sorts
so it's really not true at all the
secret world of Trials ninth floor the
gatekeeper glanced at luu revealing a
somewhat surprised
expression ha hello gatekeeper luu
greeted politely please let me see the
power of domain 9 yes the gatekeeper
nodded readily and reached out to snap
his fingers immediately afterward the
surrounding space rapidly
transformed an ocean of magma appeared
directly below a wave of heat came over
us luu was unsteady and almost fell into
the magma my domain is named world of
Fire the gatekeeper smiled and explained
for luu its attack is simple the flame
attack of the ninth level of the domain
the Flames are going to dance you have
to be careful The Keeper of the barrier
raised his hands in an instant the
Flames that covered the sky instantly
filled the entire field there's nowhere
to hide there's nowhere to run this
world of fire whether it was the power
of the flame or the stability of the
realm it was not comparable to the
Guardians of the eighth level in the
manic Flames Lu you couldn't see
anything and was eliminated in just the
blink of an eye breaking and entering
failing he lost extremely dry no doubt
about it the ninth floor is hard it was
not at all in the same level of
difficulty as the eighth level I kind of
know why the ninth level keeper named
his domain world of Fire
luu couldn't help but lament after his
failure the completion of his domain as
well as its overall
structure has been perfected to such an
extent that it's not too much to call it
a world at all it's not unfair to lose
to such an existence if one were to
defeat such a character and pass through
the entire trial Mysteries then the
10,000 Clans Heavens Pride battle
wouldn't matter at all
unfortunately I'm not even close
luu shook his head before he noticed a
message the president of blue star
University sent several messages and
made several communication calls luu
then realized that the crowd
participating in the 10,000 races
Heavens Pride battle had already
gathered in advance during this period
of time he was completely engrossed in
cultivation and didn't pay attention to
this slightly late it should be in time
though luu made a communication call to
the president of blue star
University a short while later the
comm's call came through chapter 164 I
have finished speaking who's in favor
who's against Fong Guang the principal
of blue star
University looked at luu with a somewhat
complicated face as early as a long time
ago he knew that luu would rise rapidly
at that time he was even thinking that
if Lu you were to soar high and progress
wildly he might be able to catch up with
the 10,000 Clans Heaven Pride battle the
idea is crazy even he couldn't believe
it however it really did make him guess
not only was luu going to participate in
the 10,000 races Heavenly Pride battle
he would also be able to participate in
the 10,000 races Heavenly Pride battle
as the human race Heavenly Pride leader
this was something Fong Wang did not
expect how does it feel to break through
to the ninth floor Fong Wang asked the
difficulty of the ninth level is too
high principal you know luu was a bit
surprised he didn't think that the
principal was paying attention to his
breakthrough he thought that he could
keep it quiet and give everyone a
surprise
naturally I know Fong shook his head and
said with emotion to be honest I really
didn't expect that you would be able to
break through the eighth floor you
really surprised me but that last sword
of yours shouldn't have cost you much
should it Lu you was slightly stunned
when he heard this it had to be said
that the Marshall Emperor was worthy of
being a marshall Emperor his vision was
just
poisonous and he had even directly seen
through that sword of his and was bound
to pay a certain price
come to think of it that sword was too
powerful it is rather abnormal not to
pay a certain price seeing the surprise
on luu's face Fong Wang smiled and said
the power of that sword far exceeds your
current strength it is normal to pay a
certain price most of the secret Arts
are like this in the 10,000 Clans
Heavens Pride battle behind you this
move serves as a base killing move
you must use it with caution you are the
Future Hope of the human race I don't
want to cause your future to be
destroyed in order to fight for a wisp
of civilization's flame you have the
stature of a marshal Saint your future
is
unlimited there's no need to overuse
secret techniques you should understand
that luu nodded and said
seriously I understand it's good that
you understand f w smiled and said the
Gathering time is about to pass I'll
come over to pick you up good luu
answered and then hung up the
communication call the speed of a
marshall Emperor was just fast and in
just a moment Fong Wang appeared not far
away little Marshall
Saint this way Fang beckoned little
Marshall Sage when did this nickname
come out how come pops called himself
this and principal F also called himself
this luu was a bit
speechless but still walked over led by
Fong Wang Lui was brought to the
Gathering Place of the top 10 Pride of
the human race as soon as they entered
All Eyes looked over luu didn't shy away
from the stage and swept over with a
glance sizing up each of the individual
race
celestials woooo w from military
Marshall
University gawan from Star Marshall
University SIA from Blue Star
University and
byuing his gaze lingered on by yujin's
body for a split second this was Mom's
little sister her own
sister-in-law he then continued to look
at the others Chang XI Sun Yen Gaia Juan
in choping and AO hongan
these five were the Ruthless People who
had killed all the way from the sea
selection and
additions a few people were on the older
side and it was obvious that they had
purposely suppressed their Realms just
to participate in the 10,000 Clans
Heavens Pride battle
unfortunately even after suppressing his
realm and cultivating for long years he
had only grasped the fledgling form of
the domain there was no way the domain
which was an ability belonging to a
great master was simply difficult to
comprehend at the fifth realm many fifth
realm Celestial Pride even if they
purposely suppressed their realm when
they
cultivated they automatically broke
through almost like a
waterfall these ones who purposely
suppressed their Realms and came to
participate in the Heaven's Pride battle
were in turn inferior to the Marshall
University's Heavens Pride who
cultivated nor normally but although
there was a slight Gap in terms of hard
power they were older and more
experienced in combat all of them were
not to be
underestimated hello everyone I've kept
you waiting I'm luu luu smiled and waved
his hand in greeting it wasn't a long
wait by Yu Jing spoke aha luu nodded and
then spoke on my way here I heard
principal F say quite a few things about
the 10,000 races Heavens Pride battle
this time the heavens Pride battle will
most likely have a group battle that
also means that we have to stick
together to get through this as soon as
these words came out this group of
celestial Pride looked at each other in
dismay completely not expecting luu to
say this as soon as he came up obviously
only 4 years old just a little bit older
but like an old leader the sense of
contrast is really a bit strong it's
natural of course I know we're
definitely aligned for the sake of the
human race surely there will be Unity
the crowd nodded their heads as a
response to luu hearing this luu nodded
and
continued if there is a group battle
then there must be a commander a leader
otherwise even if they are united there
will be times when they will
disagree it's a great taboo for soldiers
not to be able to use their strength in
one place so I'll take this command I'll
be the leader and you guys just need to
listen to me this way there won't be
times of
disagreement and you'll be able to
better ride out the storm together I'm
done talking who's in favor who's
against luu said this and looked over
one by one when luu finished saying
these words the few Heavenly pride in
the room one by one
froze completely not expecting luu to
say this and some subconsciously looked
at wo woo Wy before that he was the one
with the highest strength among the
crowd and the one who was esteemed by
the two great Masters who would have
thought that the moment Lu you came over
it would be an incomparably strong
seizure of power even Fong Wang who had
brought luu over did not expect this
little guy to be so
overbearing it was really
surprising but that's good
otherwise when it comes to group
Warfare there will be another
disagreement and that won't be good the
moment wuu Sia's face was wonderful he
felt the gazes of the
bystanders still he didn't hold back and
opened his mouth to ask on what grounds
on what grounds should you be the
commander based on what hearing this luu
turned his head to look at wuu enemy and
said
indifferently on the basis that I'm the
strongest one amongst you if you're not
convinced you can fight me if you win
then I'll listen to you if you lose then
behave yourself Marshall
Invincible do you dare to fight me when
these words came out wua instantly
furrowed his brows he knew very well
that by saying this luu was using
himself as a tool to establish Authority
breaking through the eth level of the
secret realm of Trials meant that luu's
strength was above his own he had this
confidence
but the problem was since L you had said
so he still didn't dare to meet the
battle and it would be even more
humiliating if he was scared off
directly it's not a good idea to fight
this battle it's not a good idea not to
fight embarrassing to lose and even more
embarrassing to chicken out for a while
wuu siia had some regrets why did he
come up to strike up a conversation on
impulse he clenched his teeth but still
spoke fine then let's have a fight if
you win against me then I'm willing to
push for you to be the captain if you
lose then you have to support me as well
no problem luu nodded slightly when he
heard this you do have some guts W wy's
eyes flashed as he spoke I would like to
see how powerful the way of the flesh
body becoming Emperor is
when Fong Guang heard this he couldn't
help but shake his head it's really
young people they are just
exuberant he smiled and said good then
let's go and fight in the virtual world
and when you get there you can let go of
your hands and don't have to be
concerned about the weight of your blows
when these words came out the few other
Heavenly Prides in the room could not
help but be a bit dumbfounded
it's not it's not even if you don't stop
it principal Fong you actually let them
go to the virtual world to have a good
time it's really just a hoot to see
what's going on chapter 165 pure
restraint Virtual Worlds martial arts
Arena luu and wuu were present outside
the arena there was also principal Fong
Wang as well as a group of heavenly
Prides watching the battle before that
wuu was the strongest one among them
even star Marshall University's Goan and
blue star University Sia had to bow down
and be slightly
inferior
results because of luu's sudden
appearance he had broken through the
eighth floor of The Reincarnation Tower
directly overshadowing
wuu the battle between the two would to
a large extent determine the position of
the human rac's Heavenly Pride captain
in the 10,000 races Heavenly Pride
battle it's hard for anyone else to
argue at the moment the battle is about
to be fought the crowd couldn't help but
discuss it who will win AOH hongan
glanced it byuing she knew that by
yujing and luu were related by blood luu
will win breaking through the eighth
level of the trial Mysteries is no joke
byuing opened his mouth does Marshall
Invincible have a chance San asked as he
looked towards
Sia yes summercliff
nodded right crazy Marshall really does
have some chance gawan also spoke up
although Junior Marshall Saint broke
through the eighth floor he used a
special secret technique to break
through the eighth floor without that
underlying secret technique it shouldn't
be possible to break through so the gap
between the two sides isn't particularly
large and in this battle if he doesn't
use that secret technique crazy wo still
has a real chance of winning then what
if he uses that secret technique sunen
couldn't help but ask then there's no
suspense Gohan shook his head Sia
suddenly spoke these types of special
secret Arts usually come at a certain
price especially those that are more
powerful there are also restrictions on
the time and number of times they can be
used that's why I think that in a short
period of time the little Marshall Saint
shouldn't be able to utilize that secret
technique in this battle Marshall
Invincible still has a chance brother
xia's analysis makes sense gawan nodded
in agreement if we go by this statement
of yours Marshall Invincible is still
hopeful in terms of battle
experience he is definitely better in
choping said with a smile that's right
giaan nodded but how the result really
is we have to know after the fight Sia
glanced at the duo in the martial arts
Arena my domain is named true martial
space wuu siia looked at luu cly and
spoke faintly before the battle began he
was more or less apprehend hensive but
as soon as it came to the moment of the
battle he in turn calmed down completely
and was even a little bit excited to
jump into action true Marshall Space luu
asked what is the effect there is no
special attack effect but a pure martial
combat increase wo woia spoke in other
words in this space I am the top martial
arts master
it's somewhat similar to your flesh body
becomes Emperor way but it's not
entirely similar please instruct wuu
siia set up a martial arts stance in
this instant the domain true martial
space spread the surrounding space
rapidly
transformed and a en and young fish
appeared on the ground of the martial
arts Arena woy stood on the black e and
young fish and luu stood on the side of
the white e and young fish
luu was slightly stunned as he felt the
transformation of the space around him
in the next instant woia had already
bullied his way in and blasted out with
his Cannon fist in this battle space
wuky pulled all the stops both in terms
of movement speed and attack strength
space was vaguely shaking and twisting a
bit with this punch the punch has
reached its peak locked on target this
punch can't avoid it can't hide in that
case there is no avoiding or hiding
without the slightest hesitation luu
similarly threw a punch fist to fist
there's nothing fancy about it a clash
of pure power and strength boom Dash
just a simple Collision caused the
surrounding space to tremble at this
instant woo woo siia Who was still calm
and collected couldn't help but change
his face
drastically he had never seen such a
brutal punch before the sensation was
almost like punching against an asteroid
traveling at Breakneck speed a sense of
powerlessness set in without the
slightest
hesitation the true Marshall domain
activated and the en and yang fish on
the ground slowly rotated Field Effect
unloading after wua dislodged this Force
out
his entire shoulder was slightly numb if
he didn't have time to unload his entire
fist would be shattered and his entire
arm wasted again the punch was like
hitting cotton luu didn't pause and
raised his fist again all this time he
had always used his sword and seldom had
he fought so purely with his fists and
feet don't tell me it feels so different
it makes your blood boil this fist
smashed in extremely fast and the fist
momentum had already been formed
targeting seeing this wuu Si's scalp
tingled and he could only passively
Parry the en and young fish within the
domain rotated crazily
unloading
unload however with punch after Punch
coming down how can you unload without
stopping at the end of the fight wuky
fought until his arm was twisted and his
bones were shattered and his entire arm
was wasted and drooped down
powerlessly on luu's side his tiny fist
however was
unharmed it didn't even break the skin
there was some blood but it wasn't his
it was
wooes in the meantime the crowds in the
viewing Gallery were all J dropped
almost unable to believe their eyes
what's going on the little Marshall
Saint didn't use his best sword but
instead got up close and personal and
physically fought with
wuu yet even so it was still punch after
punch smashing W Sia out of temper it
had only been a short while and even
with his full strength to fight wua had
still wasted one of his arms it was
important to know that in the true
Marshall Space wuu speed
strength
defense and all other aspects of his
attributes had all been drastically
increased even so how come the Gap is
still so big just now the crowd was
still discussing whether or not wua had
a chance and the conclusion reached was
there was a chance there was a good
chance it turned out to be a fight in
just a short
any chance there's a fraking chance luu
didn't even move his sword but used the
close combat that wua was good at to
beat him up it's too bad it's when Fong
Wang on the side saw this scene his
eyelids jumped straight up and his face
was filled with
astonishment does it mean he's not the
flesh becomes Emperor way but the flesh
becomes sa way thinking of this
possibility the shock in Fong Wang's
heart could be said to be beyond words
the way of Flesh becoming Emperor and
the way of Flesh becoming Saints seem to
differ by only one word but in
actuality they were Worlds Apart the
former path only required Mastery of 500
inscriptions the latter on the other
hand had to master at least a thousand
inscriptions mastering a thousand
inscriptions are how did this happen
Fang had thought that luu was following
the path of becoming an emperor in the
flesh but it turned out that he wasn't
no wonder the gap between the two sides
is so big luu's Advantage was too
obvious if he were to face other domain
fours he might not have that much of an
advantage but against a domain that
increased his physical body like
wuet it was simply pure
restraint this battle there was no
longer any
suspense chapter 166 the great summer
secret treasure Vault don't you have any
other tricks up your sleeve luu frowned
and couldn't help but remind I'm
following the path of fleshly body to
sainthood and as a result you've been
playing physical combat with me Marshall
Invincible was at least the fourth level
of the domain luu originally thought
that it would be a good fight but but it
turned out that the opposite side was
actually so stupid that he just punched
him all the time although he knew that
this was his style and that his own way
of sanctifying his physical body was to
refrain from this kind of melee combat
field the problem was doesn't he have
any other moves it's a bit of a bully to
be so purely and simply restrained
hearing luu's words Marshall Invincible
raised his head in dismay the way of
Flesh becoming a saint not the way of
Flesh becoming Emperor who told you it
was the way of the flesh body becoming
Emperor L you looked at
wooi I Wu Wy opened his mouth but he
didn't know what to say yes who said
that luu is the way of Flesh becoming
Emperor couldn't it be the way of Flesh
becoming saint but the problem was that
he had only heard of The Legend of the
way of the fleshly Saints and had never
seen it with his own eyes this this is
something that only exists in theory the
ultimate way no wonder woooo SII is he
realized that he had no chance of
winning I don't have any other tricks he
raised his other still intact hand this
battle there is no need to fight on I
admit defeat this is admitting defeat
when L you heard this he then also
understood that it seemed that this
crazy martial artist really had no more
tricks up his sleeve that being the case
as the winner there's no point in
continuing to trash talk after all they
were teammates who were going to fight
side by side afterward so Lou you
consoled your luck was bad you bumped
into a more restrained one like me it's
not that you're too good you don't have
to be too sad it's normal to lose to me
however you need to learn from this
lesson and develop a little bit of other
stunts afterward when these words came
out wo woia froze for a moment this was
consoling himself he couldn't help but
let out a bitter laugh which was not
nearly as comforting you didn't even put
out your sword and I lost can't I still
have peace of
mind however luu had no problem saying
that he had to learn his lesson this
time in the
meantime the viewing Gallery the many
Celestial pride in the viewing Gallery
all froze the famous Marshall Maniac has
admitted defeat it was
unexpected but when you think about it
it makes sense the difference was so
great and above all so
restrained that there was indeed no need
to fight any longer but what the crowd
didn't expect
luu had actually aimed his spear at them
anyone else who is not convinced come
down and fight me everyone was silent at
those words if Wy can't which one of
them can the crowd looked at me I looked
at you and finally turned their gazes to
Sia feeling the gazes of the crowd Sia's
face turned a little green no what do
you mean
if wuu can't do it can I do it he was
only in the third level of the domain
and the attacks of the domain might not
even be able to break luu's defense
better not go up there and make a fool
of yourself with this thought Sia stood
up luu's eyes lit up when he saw this
yes another one he had wanted to take
wua to set up an example but it turned
out to be too restraining for him to win
thisa on the contrary was a good
opponent just when Lu you was thinking
like this as a result that Sia spoke up
and said little Marshall Saint I support
you as our captain l youu no
dude is that what you're standing up for
thought you were coming to fight Me Sia
didn't feel embarrassed when he said
this woia had lost what else could he do
moreover little Marshall Saint had the
stature of a marshall Saint and
recognizing him as a big brother was not
a disgrace only to hear sliff continue
but the problem is little Marshall Saint
you are invincible in bravery and
martial arts but do you really know how
to
command this is what we are skeptical of
about when Lou you heard this he waved
his hand and said I studied under the
former Chief Marshall of disa and I
often discuss Frontline Warfare with the
chief commander of the taiway planet
domain and I even helped him take down a
planet where humans had fallen before
and now you're asking me if I can
command when these words came out siya's
eyes widened ha a few people next to him
were also a bit dumbfounded
these words of luu are they true or not
spoken as if it were true but when you
think about it it's
outrageous even wuy was
confused in fact even without having to
think about it carefully one could know
that it was bragging but coming from
luu's mouth these half truths and half
false words were really bluffing Fong
Guang who was on the side
obviously knew some inside information
and couldn't help but laugh at this
moment he opened his mouth and said
don't worry about it commanding
large-scale legionary battles the little
Marshall Saint might not be able to do
it yet but commanding a few of you is
not a problem at all that was a
statement that kind of characterized the
matter the people recognized luu as
their captain and followed his
command
subsequently after coming out of the
virtual world Fong Wang glanced at the
crowd and said this matter is settled
next I'll take you all on a trip to the
great SI secret treasure
Warehouse so let's get fully armed first
we can't let the pride of the human race
participate in the 10,000 races Heavens
Pride battle with their bare hands even
L you came to be interested when these
words came out since it's a bargain for
nothing how can you not want it not to
mention the others
each of them looked at principal f with
baited breath already somewhat impatient
dasha's secret treasure Vault all kinds
of treasures are piled up in mountains
the large number of secret treasures
dazzled the crowd the grade of the
secret treasure was not as good as a
heavy treasure but it was only slightly
inferior pick whatever you want as long
as it's a suitable secret treasure for
you you can take it away and arm
yourself there's no problem if the
number doesn't exceed six Fong Wang said
with a smile hearing this some people
were
expressionless some had glowing eyes
some couldn't help but gulped down a
mouthful of saliva and some hurriedly
opened their mouths and asked principal
Fong I would like to know when we finish
the Heaven's Pride battle are these
Treasures going to be returned a few
people next to him perked up their ears
at those words that's what they're
curious about Fong Wang shook his head
there's no need to return it it's
considered a gift for your
Expedition How can there be a reason to
take it back when these words came out a
few people couldn't help but admire in
their hearts
atmosphere Fong boang smiled and said in
fact these few pieces of secret
treasures are nothing at all
if we get the top rankings of the 10,000
races Heavens Pride battle and get a
strand of civilization Flame the rewards
will only be even more generous that's
painting a big picture and even though
they know that the crowd still can't
help but fantasize about it what if well
go and find it a secret treasure that
suits you Fang glanced at the time you
only have 1 hour so hurry up and make a
good selection as soon as these words
came out the crowd responded in unison
and began to go searching for the
treasures they needed luu also began to
look for it in this era the level of
Weaponry for Marshall artists could be
roughly categorized into four levels
first the ordinary
Treasures then there are secret
treasures heavy treasures and supreme
Treasures the Supreme creeme treasure is
definitely the best there's no doubt
about it although secret treasures were
only second to heavy Treasures there
were some special secret treasures that
were not inferior to heavy Treasures so
luu didn't look down on this great
summer secret treasure Vault but rather
piece by piece he carefully picked them
out I have to say this feeling of
searching for real Treasures in a
mountain of treasures is really good
chapter 1
67 the first Heavenly Pride of the human
race there is a cap on the amount of
treasure each person can get six pieces
only less not more so in the end whether
one picks up a leak and finds a few of
the most powerful secret treasures or
loses a watermelon and picks up a sesame
seed it depends on everyone's eyesight
and luck there were Treasures here some
with names WR with relevant
descriptions neatly arranged on shelves
of all kinds firewing Lance lingyun
fiery fan giant turtle battle helmet
Iron Soul armor golden Cloud battle robe
taien
umbrella Phantom Shadow flag five
Thunder net star flare bead tion luo
treasure bow all sorts of treasures one
BL swept past and one could not see the
end at all there were more unnamed ones
like garbage all piled up into a small
Mountain have to say the amount of these
Treasures is over the top in an hour not
to mention finding the right treasure
for you it was a problem to even finish
the general tour Lu you was not in a
hurry he patiently walked around and
toured around unlike the other few
he had the Supreme treasure plus heavy
treasure set and his need for secret
treasures wasn't as high what he needed
were some secret treasures that
possessed special effects it was just a
matter of searching for a while and he
did find it
beads the effect is to influence the
opponent's fi to some
extent however there's a limit to how
many times you can use this thing every
time it was used it would cause
irreversible wear and tear on the domain
defining beat itself and after repeated
use it would lose its effect
completely in addition it was quite
Limited in terms of effect only
affecting the field to some extent not
directly nullifying the opponent's field
all in all for everyone else this thing
is kind of chicken however to Li
you it was a rare and good thing the way
of Flesh body sainthood was difficult to
achieve a one strike kill when dealing
with those domain
powerhouses if there was this domain
defining bead as a distraction the
probability of that one hit kill would
also increase by a lot luu pondered for
a moment and pocketed this treasure luu
then continued his
search next he picked out a few more
pieces of auxiliary equipment one after
another with effects similar to The
Domain defined
bead I didn't find anything good but
with these pieces of auxiliary equipment
it's not bad luu glanced at the time 40
minutes had passed 20 minutes remained
and he didn't know what the results of
the others treasure hunt were it wasn't
good to bother others at this critical
time luu shook his head and continued
his treasure hunt walked around and
looked around for a while right at this
moment within luu's body the pichy Lu
suppression Stone suddenly lit up as if
it had sensed something luu was slightly
stunned the effect of the pishi janun
stone is very simple it has the effect
of turning Misfortune into good fortune
and also has the effect of calming the
house warding off evil spirits opening
the door to luck and attracting wealth
and treasure at its root it can increase
the Chuck of the person who wears it he
followed the sensation and looked up in
One Direction on a mountain of randomly
piled Treasures a bow lay quietly when
luu gazed at the bow the pichy luck
suppression Stone obviously lit up again
that's right that's it luu took this bow
down and briefly surveyed it and found
that there was nothing special about it
an ordinary straight draw bow not even a
little bit of
decoration couldn't see anything
extraordinary at all but on second
thought he felt that there was something
wrong if it was really an ordinary bow
how could it be in this secret treasure
Trove a treasure that could make the
pichan Yun Stone Bloom with a shimmering
light would definitely not be simple luu
pondered for a moment and tried to pull
the bow string but the result was that
the bow string didn't even move whom you
know luu is now on the path of sainthood
of the flesh can be said to be of
Infinite Strength plus the gift of
innate strength of the dragon and tiger
actually cannot pull the string of this
bow
unbelievable luu did not think much
about it slightly exerted some Force the
bow string was gradually pulled the bow
immediately bloomed with bright precious
light at the same time and invisible
Arrow gradually Co esed out the arrow
gave off an extraordinary feeling and
even luu who had embarked on the path of
fleshly sainthood felt extremely
sharp that's right sure enough it's a
precious bow this was no longer an
ordinary secret treasure at the very
least it was a heavy treasure even
amongst the heavy Treasures it was an
extreme ex highquality item picking up
the pieces he gradually loosened the bow
string and did not let go at once the
invisible Arrow did not shoot out but
gradually disappeared blooming bright
treasure light of the bow also slowly
lost the light and turned into the
ordinary appearance again not far Fong
Wang was slightly surprised to see the
scene this luu's Vision was really good
to be able to find heavy Treasures in
this secret treasury you have to know
that the secret treasures here have been
screened after screen after screen so
it's basically impossible for them to be
left out even if one had a good eye one
could only pick out an extremely
high-grade secret treasure and it was
unlikely that it would exceed this grade
of course even so there were
occasionally one or two Treasures that
managed to escape the heavy screening
and make everyone bat their eyes but
here's the thing everyone else has hit
the eyeballs so why should you be able
to pick up the slack the difficulty of
this is
self-evident results luu really found it
for it awesome Fong Wang couldn't help
but Marvel in his heart it really was
worthy of being a little Marshall Saint
the talent is unparalleled is just but
also so strong luck this 10,000 Clans
Heavenly Pride battle maybe there is
really hope thinking this way Fong Wang
looked to the others as the top 10 tinio
list although they were not able to pick
up a big leak like luu but basically
they all chose Superior secret treasures
or even extreme secret treasures which
could be considered as a great harvest
not bad all good while the crowd took
advantage of the remaining time to make
various fine selections luu had already
determined the six secret treasures he
wanted and returned to principal Fong
Wang's side picked Fong Wang asked with
a smile aha Lu you nodded you have a
good eye Fong Wang praised then handed
over a ring this is for you this is luu
was slightly stunned the spatial ring
inside is the various equipment and
various items that your father has
specially prepared for you to
participate in this Heaven's Pride
battle Fong Wang explained when he came
over earlier he realized that you were
in
seclusion so he didn't disturb you and
asked me to pass it on to you hearing
this luu took over the ring and then
instilled his
Consciousness and with just a simple
sweep he saw piles of equipment
consumables and all sorts of treasures
inside without exception all the very
best of the best to sum it up in one
word trenchless luu was somewhat
speechless this is too much of a good
thing the joy of having just worked so
hard to pick it out and picking up a
great deal is gone after the people had
chosen their secret treasures and were
fully armed they boarded the Airship and
prepared to head to the secret Realm
counter entropy the commotion of the
opening of The Secret realm of reverse
entropy is far less than that of the
Tower of reincarnation that is as vast
and between the two there is still a lot
of
disparity however the secret realm of
reverse entropy is given much and that
wisp of civilizations fire so that the
entire universe's
communities all tend to be rushed it was
different in nature from The
Reincarnation Tower screening of
Geniuses this 10,000 races Heaven Pride
battle was a struggle between the major
civilized races it's a great world
struggle as the crowd embarked on their
Journey with the 10,000 Clans Heavens
Pride battle about to kick off with all
the major communities in the universe
the attention gradually reached its peak
at this juncture the last installment of
the human race Heavens Pride ranking was
finally updated
however on that human race Heavenly
remarkable ranking luu's name had
clearly appeared in the first place all
subscribers Reed this push message the
list was updated the rankings changed
and the son of the sage of Wu the little
Sage of Wu
luu ascended to the first place when the
news came out there was no doubt that it
instantly set off a huge wave chapter
168 those altered life paths human
Heavens Pride ranking first
luu number two woo woo number three
summer Cliffs those who saw this list
were all a bit
dumbfounded what little Marshall saint
has reached the top at the last moment
topping the heavens remarks ranking one
and becoming the leader of the human
rac's Heavens remarks
this is big news absolutely great news
with this heavenly pride list many news
media have heard like sharks that smell
the smell of blood
swarming the front pages of all the
major
headlines without exception were full of
news about luu's Ascent to the top even
if it was the official news of dashia
Heroes of dashia chat group almost
immediately
yanching sent this message to the group
after a short period of Silence the chat
group exploded directly asterisk
asterisk asterisk
asterisk I roll
jpg big brother has ascended to the top
of the heavens remarkable ranking Big
Brother
bull
strong
strong strong too strong too strong this
is the number one in the heavens Pride
ranking Big Brother deserves to be big
brother the group was a buzz a kid
brother a kid sister that's a thrill
luou you topped the heaven remarkable
ranking one and they were also honored
with it feeling as if they had also
topped the number one spot but just then
suddenly someone spoke up and said can't
you guys feel it big brother is getting
farther and farther away from us the
moment these words came out the
originally Lively chat group instantly
quieted down everyone froze as they
stared blankly at the message not
knowing what to post again for a moment
even luu's number one dog leg yug Guan
Ching could not help but fall into
silence reason
indeed is this ever since he had started
cultivating luu had risen High first he
broke through to the ninth floor of the
second realm reincarnation Tower
becoming the Undisputed number one now
he had broken through to the ninth level
of the blue star Marshall Grand trial
Mystic realm becoming the leader of the
human Race's Heavenly Pride The Next
Step was even to show off his skills in
the 10,000 Clans Heavens Pride battle
but what about them
originally luu's figure could still be
seen but now it was no longer even a
shadow luu was getting farther and
farther away from them obviously luu was
the smallest one but now in turn he had
left them all behind it's a bad feeling
a short silence passed before someone
posted in the group we've got to step up
our game got to catch up with big
brother the words elicited a response
from the crowd
exactly and we have to work hard
desperately hard we must catch up with
big brother before we do never let Big
Brother leave us completely behind
cultivate
cultivate this great summer Heroes chat
group
basically they are the sons of Martial
Emperors and martiall Kings they were
the top most powerful Sons and Daughters
of the entire
and usually lived extremely privileged
lives before with his father and
predecessors at the top there wasn't
much of a sense of Crisis or motivation
that he had to get stronger whether
studying or
cultivating they all proceeded step by
step completing the tasks explained by
their elders and getting by the elders
also urged them from time to time but
things like cultivation ultimately
depended on the individual
even if others urged them it was
difficult to have any
effect however at this moment the hearts
of all the people were lit up with the
flame of having to become stronger the
idea was simple to catch up with luu
perhaps a bit simplistic and
ridiculous but sometimes some things
it's just that simple and so without
luu's knowledge
he as an example as a role model and
gradually changed the original life
trajectory of this group of second
generation of martial arts with the news
of L you topping the Heaven's remarkable
ranking one it spread rapidly and in a
very short period of time it spread
throughout the human
Community many people sighed in awe and
held Li you up to the sky worthy of
being the son of a marshall Saint the
little saint of the human race but there
are those who can't believe this luu was
only 4 years old how can it be so strong
directly surpassing a group of human
Prides and ranking first before this
when luu was ranked fifth on the heaven
Pride ranking there had already been a
large number of people questioning the
Shady practices saying that it was the
result of secret
manipulation at that time it was a big
deal and it was only barely ended when
the Unlucky kid who finally let Liu
squeeze out the heavens Pride ticket
went to break into the blue star
University secret trial realm and now
you're actually doing it again and it
went straight to number one no matter
how much these people question it above
the list the reason is clearly stated
though luu broke through the eighth
level of blue star University's trial
mystery realm breaking the highest
record of students breaking through in
the last 100 years in terms of overall
battle power it is the Undisputed number
one in the heaven Pride ranking even if
the reason is clearly written there is
still a lot of
skepticism not even a few these people
felt that something was very wrong with
this luu's Ascent to the top was too
sudden progress in martial arts has
always been steady and steady where is
there anything like luu it was like he
was on a rocket soaring in a straight
line without even a brief pause even if
you're a genius you can't be like this
it's not
scientific these people firmly believe
that luu in all
likelihood was going to suffer a big
loss in the 10,000 Clans Heavens Pride
battle then he will clearly realize his
problem however one learns from one's
mistakes the loss was a good thing in
instead helping Lou use subsequent
growth there are times when it's too
much of a smooth ride rather than a good
one voices like these are shared by a
number of people in
particular some folk martial artists
didn't think highly of luu in the 10,000
races Heavens Pride battle at all even
if he got the first place in the human
race Heavens Pride ranking as the saying
goes when things go wrong they go wrong
question first then believe on the
contrary the second and third ranked W
maniac and Sia were felt by many to be
promising and might have good results
they should be very upset that they were
robbed of first place by
luu right surely they would find ways to
prove themselves the outside world is
noisy with all kinds of discussions and
many
speculations
actually this is not only true of the
human race other civilized
communities similar things happen quite
a bit amidst all sorts of
discussions the time soon arrived at the
day when the 10,000 Clans Heavens Pride
battle opened as many people had guessed
the first level of the 10,000 Clans
Heavens Pride battle was a group battle
this was going to test the team fighting
ability of the major ethnic group's
Heavenly Pride after the news was
released many people inevitably worried
about the teamwork of the human rac's
Heavens Pride Squad it was important to
know that before this the Heaven's
remarkable ranking had changed and luu
had ascended to the top so who will be
put in command who will be in command Lu
U the first place winner of
Tania he's only four years old can the
team be convinced by making him captain
or is it the second wuf
Oria in third place Goan in fourth place
or
perhaps those who can let those who are
older come like Chang XI Sun Yen Gia
Juan
Etc they had fought bloody battles in
the martial arts arena for years and had
even gone to war so they were
experienced and indeed suitable for
command but they are weak can they
convince the people if the hearts and
minds of the people are not United many
problems inevitably ensue in the midst
of the crowds worry the 10,000 Clans
Heavens Pride battle had officially
begun the live feed was also transmitted
back to the human race
picture the commanding officer of the
human Heavens Pride Squad is quite
literally little Marshall St Louis
chapter 169 One D to speak one dared to
listen the live feed it was a virgin
Forest thick trees hundreds of meters
tall required dozens of people to
encircle them in
cross-section luu stood on a huge Rock
and Below him were the other nine human
race
celestials at the moment luu was waving
and issuing tasks while the others
listened attentively nodding their heads
from time to time the image looks
extremely comical it's almost like a
child's playground in comparison to the
other groups and the sense of contrast
is
enormous many of the spectators saw the
scene and all of them stared in
disbelief many people even had two black
eyes and a bad feeling came over them
good news the hearts of the human
celestials were United bad news the
human race is commanded by
this luu was only 4 years old even if he
had the stature of a marshal Saint and
his strength and talent were almost
unimpeachable the question was was it
really okay to let him command it has
nothing to do with strength if there was
a lapse in decision-making in command it
would be difficult to make up for it
even if one was strong in group
Warfare strength is part of the equation
as is
cooperation and more
importantly command of key
decisions in this regard luu obviously
lacked a it wasn't that he was
belittling luu the truth is that he is
too small how can you have good command
with too little
experience however the pride of the
human race
surprisingly did not doubt luu's command
in the
slightest this is really a dare to say a
dare to hear many viewers were drumming
in their hearts through the live
broadcast they could only barely get a
general View and were not able to hear
the conversation of luu's few people nor
did they know about their
decisions at this moment he could only
pray in his heart that no major mistakes
would occur that he wouldn't encounter
any strong enemies of foreign races and
that he wouldn't be targeted by those
foreign races heavenly
Prides and in this way he would be able
to pass the test without any problems if
they all fell at the first hurdle then
I'm afraid that the human race would
become a great joke it was a scene no
one wanted to see even those who had
questioned luu before the match were
praying at the moment that they would
never ever fall at the first hurdle but
there are also some that know the inside
story for example
one you won he clearly knew the weight
of his own disciple and knew that with
luu's ability commanding these few
people was not a problem at all with L
U's ability he should be considered one
of the best commanders in this batch of
Heaven's Pride battle if anyone
underestimates him and tries to eat them
I'm afraid they'll be in for a big loss
the first level of the 10,000 Clans
Heavenly Pride battle this level is
group Warfare test the examination lasts
for 24 hours the rules are as follows
hunt down a fifth order beast and gain
one point hunt down a sixth order beast
and gain 50 points hunt down a seventh
order beast and gain one 00 0 points
hunt down an eighth order Beast gain 100
0000 0 points and Advance
automatically encourage the hunting of
competitors by gaining 100% of that
opponent's points for a successful kill
after being killed by your opponent you
are immediately eliminated from the game
and lose all points it is forbidden for
any ethnic group to join forces and once
they do they are immediately
disqualified breakthrough to the sixth
realm is prohibited and breakthrough to
the sixth realm is immediately
disqualified final team rankings within
one 000000 advance to the next round
the current number of participating
teams is 16
021 totaling
1160 210
participants all
participants at any time can view their
team's current ranking please fight to
your hearts content and use all means to
gain points and rush to a higher ranking
the weak are the strong and this is the
law of Heaven in the Battle of
civilizations
it's either you die or I live the battle
of the 10,000 races for Celestial Pride
officially
begins this was the information that
appeared in front of luu's eyes before
the first level of the 10,000 Clans
Heavens Pride battle began the writing
was definitely not in the Dasha language
but he knew what it meant just by
looking at it it had to be said that the
competition in this 10,000 Clans Heavens
Pride battle was really cruel there were
a full 16
021 teams representing 16 021 civilized
races but just in the first round 15 021
teams had to be
eliminated 16 into one with such a cruel
promotion mechanism even those powerful
racial teams with strong strengths
couldn't take it lightly and if they
accidentally rolled over the fun would
be great group
Warfare of course can be warmed up but
there is also the possibility of being
destroyed so caution is definitely the
order of the day but it would be a
mistake to tie your hands because of
this luu didn't think much about it and
quickly assigned tasks to the crowd
before coming to the reverse entropy
Mystic ground by Airship he had already
roughly understood the abilities and
characteristics of the crowd
wooy specializes in close quarters and
is suitable as an offensive anchor
summercliff specializes in Long Range
suitable for kiting and pulling hate
Gohan specializes in wide range attacks
and is suitable as an output Mainstay
BYU Jing specializes in speed and
scouting making him suitable as a Sentry
the five people Chang XI s Yen Gaia Juan
in choping
and AO
hungan also had their own strengths and
weaknesses luu arranged the tasks in an
organized Manner and the people listened
attentively all feeling that it was
reasonable don't say it's kind of like
that indeed luu had blown so much before
what with his mentorship of the former
Chief Marshall what with his frequent
exchanges of war with the chief
commander of the taiway star field it
really wasn't just empty words
something's up after arranging a series
of tasks the crowd was just about to
leave when Liu called them all back wait
when these words came out the crowd
looked over a bit
strangely what else was going on when
they had explained the mission are we
going to let them cheer each other on
then they saw that luu took out a
dazzling array of treasures
weapons and consumables from his spatial
ring although you guys have some secret
treasures I think it's far from enough
this item can greatly increase the
strength of the physical body woo Wy
it's yours it increases speed and hides
your breath
drastically
anti here you go this increases chakra
recovery and increases the range of
attacks and damage strength gaan
take it this thing increases precision
as well as instant burst damage suitable
for you
Sia and Chang XI in addition to these
Treasures of increase there are also
these military standardized weapons
everyone take one as a secondary weapon
in addition there are
consumables all of which are six Thor or
extreme potions just right for you all
to use it can greatly enhance your
strength
attack
defense speed as well asqi recovery
we'll get a very good boost each of you
take 10 bottles of it run out of it and
then look for me to ask for it what are
you all waiting for take a listening to
luu's string of
Arrangements the crowd's Jaws dropped
even byuing had not expected luu to be
so G generous at all these Treasures
were not simple and each one was a
carefully selected superb item as for
those sixth order extreme potions they
were even more extremely rare as a
result when luu made his move it was 10
bottles for each person and he said that
he would ask him for more when he ran
out that's a lot of money that's a lot
of money it is simply trenchant
actually to be able to participate in
the 10,000 Clans Heavens Pride battle
none of their backgrounds were simple
for the sake of this 10,000 Clans
Heavens Pride battle the forces behind
them had prepared quite a few goodies
for them but compared to what luu is
taking out at the moment what they have
prepared is obviously slightly
inferior it's not about knowing the
goods it's about comparing the goods
chapter 170 you guys killed
monsters I'll take the head why did you
give us these woia couldn't help but ask
when these words came out the crowd
perked up their ears and Wu's words were
also a question they were curious about
as the saying goes you don't get what
you don't deserve and with so many good
things how could they be given to them
for nothing they were not so naive for
this 10,000 and clans Heaven Pride
battle they had prepared quite a few
things but none of them had ever thought
of taking them out and sharing them but
luu didn't care about that at all he
looked at wua somewhat strangely and
said rightfully because I'm the captain
ah of course I have to be responsible
for you guys we're a team get it team
listening to these words that were taken
for granted wuu froze and a few other
people also froze
earlier it was determined that with luu
as the leader the hearts of the people
were more or less lumpy especially Chang
XI s Yen and
giaan they had once been wudai
celestials as well with clear and pure
eyes later on he fought his way through
Society fought in successive bloody
battles in the martial arts Arena and
fought desperately in the
battlefield for the sake of this Heaven
Pride battle it was even purposely
suppressed the realm and cultivated
bitterly for more than 10 years before
breaking through rounds and rounds of
selection to get the qualification to
participate in the 10,000 Clans Heavens
Pride battle as a result it was even if
their strength was not as good as those
few Marshall University Celestial Pride
but even someone like luu who had only
begun
cultivation had easily surpassed them
the flavor of it is clear only to them
in the eyes of
Outsiders they were also the top 10
Heaven's Pride rankings but only they
knew clearly that there was also a big
gap between Heaven's pride and Heaven's
Pride so the disconnect is
inevitable and it's not something that
can be resolved in a few words the
matter of recognizing luu as the captain
was even more so however though moment
feeling luu's
sincerity one could not help but be
moved by it there is a saying sincerity
is always a must luu's frankness
bringing out this huge pile of goodies
to share and his tone of voice that was
taken for granted left them somewhat
speechless and when they thought about
luu's status as the son of the Marshall
Saint it further made them Marvel in
their hearts the little Marshall Sage is
really worthy of being a little Marshall
age temperament or pattern it was
clearly not in the same class as them he
had already treated the crowd as a team
and hadn't even thought about whether
they were convinced or not no need to be
polite these are nothing to me I have a
lot more luu saw the crowd freeze and
spoke again once these words came out
the crowd stopped speaking and took the
treasures weapons and potions that Lu
you had distributed
after the end of the
distribution suddenly someone said thank
you Captain then the others spoke up
thank you Captain even byuing said
sincerely thank you Captain luu smiled
you're welcome as the saying goes you
are what you eat you are what you take
when these things were distributed
the unity of the human Race's Heavens
Pride Squad clearly went up a level
actually even if luu didn't do this he
could gradually unite under constant
bonding let these people see luu's
command see his true ability and over
time how can they not be
convinced at the moment the big handful
of so many goodies is actually more
far-reaching in its
considerations when this footage was
broadcast most of the human Spectators
couldn't see just how many goodies L you
had divided up a small portion of the
audience saw it and couldn't help but
Marvel at luu's Master stroke some
presentable packs even more impatiently
parsed on the internet how trenchant Lu
you was actually sharing out so many
goodies smashing the rest of the
Heaven's remarkable Squad into
submission the son of the Marshall Saint
when it really is the most
luxurious only a few of the few could
see what luu was really thinking inside
an elegant house several Marshal
Emperors chatted idly while watching the
broadcast of the heavens Pride battle
after seeing this scene someone fro for
a moment this is the pattern of the
little Marshall Saint how some people
don't understand what this means how
does dividing something bring up the
pattern don't you see the person who
spoke in the party said
indifferently the little Marshall Saint
took out these not to buy off the others
but so that they could continue to get
stronger and continue to grow so that
they could go farther in the heavens
Pride battle afterward when these words
came out the Marshall Emperor who had
asked the question could not help but be
dumbfounded you're thinking too much I
don't think it should be so he's only a
few years old and he knows about the
great Justice of the human race
haha you have a point maybe I'm
overthinking it luu pulled the bow
string in an invisible Arrow quickly
coalesced before violently releasing the
bow string F the invisible Arrow
instantly burst out directly stabbing at
the head of a huge beast in the distance
oh the sixth ranked Beast screamed
miserably then fell heavily to the
ground overwhelming countless Sky High
trees erupting with an an incomparably
loud sound the commotion was so great
that it could be clearly heard for
hundreds of miles around the moment he
killed the monster a prompt flashed
before his eyes you kill a six Thor
alien beast and gain 50 points you have
gained a strand of spirit energy which
has been automatically transformed into
cultivation Lu you looked at the
information in front of him aha killing
monsters here and actually giving
experience back there's such a thing as
a good thing luu could clearly feel that
since this strand of spiritual energy
had entered his body the strength of his
physical body as well as his internal
organs were obviously enhanced a bit
moreover his cultivation level had also
taken a big step forward and he was
about to break through to the fourth
rank in the
meantime in the communication Channel
there was a miserable scream from
muoi ah what's wrong luu asked in a
hurry I just killed a sixth realm alien
Beast my cultivation is actually
progressing woia said through clenched
teeth cold sweat was already rising from
his
forehead his breath was even more
disorganized he had just almost failed
to stabilize himself to break through
directly to the sixth realm Captain if
it's not good killing the foreign beasts
over here can actually increase your
cultivation level I just almost didn't
hold back and directly broke through
obviously the last Heaven Pride battle
didn't have this rule soon over the Kong
Channel came the voices of the others
luu instantly understood when he heard
these words when you kill monsters and
gain points you will also gain
cultivation this increased cultivation
was naturally beneficial to luu but for
others it's like poison this was because
the rules of the 10,000 Clans Heavens
Pride battle were clearly written
participants would be automatically
disqualified after breaking through to
the sixth realm for those fifth realm
powerhouses who suppressed their realm
cultivation this little automatic
increase in cultivation could very well
be the last straw that broke the camels
back the slightest mishap and you'll
break through and then be kicked out of
the 10 thousand Clans Heavens Pride
battle but the thing is the only way to
get points is to kill
monsters this was the difficulty of this
first level of the 10,000 Clans Heavens
Pride battle but what did this have to
do with luu a Third Realm refined
viscera luu blinked and said with a
smile it's not a big problem you guys
kill the monsters fight until you're
bloodied and let me collect the head I'm
not afraid of that chapter 171
upgrade yes a swampy area several sixth
rank foreign beasts fell down one after
another several Rock God race celestials
were glowing with joy and smiles our
Rock God Clan's method of combining
attacks is awesome it's 350 points
directly to hand we've ranked straight
into the top 100 haha
it's so easy this 10,000 Clan's Heavens
Pride battle we must make a name for the
Rock God Clan and it's best to rush to
the top
10 however these few Rock God races
Pride hadn't been happy for a while but
as the experience arrived each of their
faces changed
drastically no killing a foreign Beast
obtaining Spirit energy and
automatically transforming into
cultivation bad I'm going to break
through the Heavenly Prides that came to
participate in the 10,000 Clans Heavens
Pride battle were basically all Peak
fifth realm
existences they could have broken
through to the sixth realm at any time
but only didn't because of forced
suppression it was like a cup full of
water that overflowed right then and
there is this strand of spiritual energy
was transformed into
cultivation some of the celestial Pride
were still able to hold back because
they had only killed a single Fay beast
and there was a limited amount of
cultivation that a strand of spiritual
energy could be converted
into however some Celestial Pride who
had killed three or four foreign beasts
in a row with a single strike by virtue
of the method of combining attacks were
unable to hold back straight up
breakthrough on the spot this was the
case with these Rock God Clans Heavenly
Pride at the moment broke through three
in succession and then got kicked out of
all of them the Rock God Clan's Captain
The Rock King was covered in cold sweat
he almost broke through just now but
luckily he was able to hold it back but
when he looked around his face became
more and more ugly this first level has
only begun and we've lost three
generals seven against 10 and if we meet
a squad from another ethnic group Next
it's going to be very bad since we can't
hunt foreign beasts to gain points the
only way is to hunt other squads but the
problem is I'm afraid the other clans
Heavenly Prides think the same way
situations like the Rock God Clan were
actually not a few the 10,000 Clans
Heaven's Pride battle had only just
begun when one after another of the
heavens Prides were eliminated from the
game who did not expect that the rules
of this level but so targeted a did not
hold back then broke through to the the
sixth realm and then was kicked out it
was called a wrong among them there were
many Supreme Heavenly Prides who
controlled domains and even went as far
as the fourth or fifth level of domains
they were the strongest Heavenly Prides
of their own Clans and they had thought
to show off in this 10,000 Clans
Heavenly Pride battle but they ended up
collapsing at the first hurdle after
being eliminated out one of them was so
shagrin that they almost collapsed toest
hearts in the
meantime the first level of the world
almost all of the pride of the Clans
realized the difficulty of this level
this 10,000 Clans Heavens Pride battle
was much harder than they had imagined
since killing the hunted F beasts would
increase their
experience they could not easily hunt
them or they would be eliminated when
they broke through to the sixth realm
one could only go and Hunt other groups
squads and plunder their points above
the rules
it's spelled out once you successfully
kill you immediately gain 100% of your
opponent's opponent points the latter is
even more of a key tip please fight to
your heart's content and use all means
to gain points and rush to a higher rank
the weak are the strong and this is the
law of Heaven in the Battle of
civilizations it's either you die or I
live but here's the thing what if it's
another ethnic group that thinks the
same way the opponents didn't have many
points to begin with and it was hard to
regroup without gaining a few points
what's to be done about this this
creates a dead end it also made the
difficulty of this 10,000 Clans Heavens
Pride battle
Skyrocket just as the Heavenly Prides of
the 10,000 races of the universe were
having a headache over this
louu however cracked a smile upgrade
cool nine people worked for him and luu
came to make up the Final Cut King the
Fay and eating the
experience as strands of spiritual
energy entered his body and quickly
spread throughout his Limbs and Bones he
successfully stepped past the peak of
the Third Realm and officially entered
the fourth realm after breaking through
to the fourth realm luu could clearly
feel that he had obviously gotten a
little stronger All Along The Realm
being too low was a flaw that luu could
not get around the time he had spent
practicing was too short even with the
golden body bead as an energy supplement
it was still inferior compared to those
foreign rac's top
celestials if he hadn't taken the path
of fleshly
sainthood this Gap I'm afraid would have
been further widened but at the moment
it's a great opportunity to upgrade and
brush up on your scores in just a short
while he had broken through to the
fourth realm normally the higher up the
realm the more time it would take even
if the talent was high there was just no
bottleneck and it still took a lot of
time to cultivate a bit faster normally
but now with the transformation of these
Spirit elements into
cultivation it was saving luu the effort
of hard
cultivation the bottom line is that this
is just the beginning what does that
mean when L you killed a blooded monster
on the human Community side the
countless Spectators looked at the scene
and couldn't help but furl their brows
in some
confusion why did you let luu collect
the head give him all the points is
there any point in doing this this level
counts group points and it doesn't make
sense to have higher individual
points yes once the points are all
concentrated on a certain person if that
person is killed by another race the
points lost will be high no what's this
about could it be that because luu is
the strongest it's safer to put the
points on him alone is that part of the
tactic it just feels like this
makes killing monsters much less
efficient and the rankings won't go up
at all almost all of the audience
couldn't see the point of doing this
however some martial Emperors and
martial Kings were pondering when they
saw the scene the pride of the human
race would never do anything
meaningless don't look at luu's young
age but he is mature there must be a
deeper meaning in doing this thinking
about it that leaves only one
possibility if you kill a foreign Beast
you will gain cultivation
because of this these human Prides did
not dare to lay their hands on the
beasts leaving them all to luu to solve
thinking about the key to this all of
these Marshall Emperor and Marshall
King's eyes lit up and one of them
couldn't help but smile I didn't expect
really didn't expect Chingy Yang gently
shook his head and said with emotion
there's this kind of benefit to having a
low little Marshall Saint realm the
little ch pin Yun on the side heard this
but he was a bit confused and didn't
understand what his old dad was saying
at all dad what are you talking about
what
benefits how come I don't know Shin Yun
looked up and asked look don't you think
it's strange that the others crippled
the F beasts and then waited for the
little Marshall Saint to come over to
harvest them Shin Yong asked there's a
deep meaning to this Shin Yun Li was not
not stupid and immediately
reacted yes if I guessed correctly
killing these monsters will gain
cultivation Shen Yong
explained this is nothing short of
poison for other Heavenly Prides but for
little Marshal Saints they are as
willing as they are this first level of
the 10,000 races Heavens Pride battle
our human race has a huge Advantage
chapter 172 Stone Cold as time passes
slowly in the blink of an eye an hour
had passed there were still 23 hours
until the end of the first level of the
10,000 Clans Heavens Pride battle the
nine human
celestials constantly hunted the foreign
beasts and crippled them before waiting
for luu to come over and harvest them
during this time there were also
instances where the beasts disguised
their serious injuries and then managed
to run away while they were
unprepared the sixth order alien be
beasts which already possessed a certain
amount of intelligence were able to make
a variety of
responses and escaping by faking their
deaths was not considered
strange however when the image
relayed made its way back to the human
Community almost all the spectators of
all Races it was a heartbreaking
experience why do we have to wait for
luu to come over and collect the head
yeah
that's too weird inefficiency is one
thing it's also easy for these monsters
playing dead to run away if this goes on
the ranking of our human race won't be
able to charge up at all this tactic is
so strange too who made this decision
there's no need to guess it must be
little Marshall Saint he's the
commander he's the captain who else but
him not
nonsense this is simply
nonsense the points of the other races
must have far exceeded our human race
yeah definitely got completely thrown
off where are the others don't they care
about luu either don't they think
there's a problem was it because you
gave too many favors before so you
simply followed luu's
nonsense they represent the human race
how can they follow luu's nonsense
because only the images were relay over
and they didn't know exactly what was
going on the viewers of the human
Community could only stare in
disbelief of course there were also some
smart people who guessed that the
intentions of the human Race's Heavenly
Pride were definitely not simple but
these people who are ultimately in the
minority and have no substantial
evidence can be considered as
lightweights luu didn't realize just how
anxious and on fire the audience of the
human race R was at the moment all he
knew was that by constantly hunting
these foreign beasts his cultivation was
growing by Leaps and Bounds in this hour
76th rank alien beasts and 185th rank
alien beasts had been killed gaining a
total of 368 points and ranking at 387th
overall efficiency has slowed down a bit
but the rankings have been moving
steadily forward in the second hour the
points came to 712 and the overall
ranking was at
148 in the third hour the points came to
one 087 and the overall ranking was in
12th Place in the fourth hour the points
came to one 631 and the overall ranking
was in first place after four
consecutive hours of hunting and finally
rushing to the first place the crowd was
a bit tired so they found a place to
rest
in the
meantime human
communities everyone watched the live
feed and couldn't help but sigh although
many voices appeared one after another
saying that the human Race's Heavenly
Pride must have their own reasons for
doing so and to just trust them but it
still doesn't stop that pessimism from
spreading many people even threaten that
if this
continued the pride of the human race
would be eliminated at the first
hurdle however
just then the first level of the 10,000
Clans Heavens Pride battle the ranking
information of the top 100 was announced
to the major Clans it's straight up
Stone Cold the human Community side
people subconsciously glanced at it and
at that moment their eyes widened filled
with dismay and
disbelief ha ha ha what is this
situation is it
blindness or was it
Insanity they actually saw the squad of
the human race in first place nope it's
true human squad one 531 points first
place overall such slow
efficiency and still the number one of
the 10,000 races those monsters are left
for the little martial Saints to take
care of so there really is a deep
meaning I told you there must be a
reason why our human race Heavens Pride
Squad is doing this that's right even if
the little Marshal Saint is fooling
around there's no reason for the others
to follow after all they are
representing the human race in the war
at this moment the audience of all the
ethnic groups boiled over in the last
second
the mood of countless people only then
fell to the bottom almost thinking that
the human race might be eliminated at
the first level of this 10,000 races
Heavens Pride battle in the next second
it flew straight up to the Heavens to
actually see the human rac's Heavens
Pride Squad the first in the ranking of
the 10,000 races The Thrill of this
instantaneous Rush from Hell To Heaven
made everyone's head spin countless Jaws
dropped countless people couldn't
believe it crazy it's crazy in the
meantime this list two appeared in the
eyes of the 10,000 races of the universe
the first is human it's actually a human
temporarily but only
temporarily oh darn human race snipe
them they must be sniped as long as the
group destroys the human race we'll be
able to rush to first place as well
strange how on Earth did they do that is
this terms human Squad actually This
ferocious as the saying goes if the wood
shows in the forest the wind will
destroy it and after ascending to the
top of the first of the 10,000 races the
human race directly became the center of
attention of the 10,000 races in the
universe they had a beautiful idea take
down the people and they would be able
to rush to first place but the problem
is that the world of the first level is
just too big the total area of this
battlefield is 100 million square
kilm that's almost as much as most of
blue stars land mass but 160 210
participants placed in this battlefield
were not at all conspicuous
trying to find the human Squad in a
short period of time was no easy task
the fire was Blazing luu sat
cross-legged and was stabilizing his
roots rapid progress in cultivation was
a good thing but one had to be in
complete control in order to maximize
strength for hours had passed and he had
already come to the middle of the fourth
realm if he continued hunting next he
should be able to break through to the
fifth
realm however in a day's time from the
Third Realm breaking through to the
fifth realm placing it
before it was almost something that one
would not dare to think about this is
still a treasure Trove but honestly it
took killing so many sixth rank alien
beasts to raise to the middle of the
fourth realm it's not a lot of
experience to give the reason is also
simple the first level of the
battlefield created by the reverse
entropy civilization was not for luu to
upgrade the purpose was to limit those
peaks of the fifth realm forcing them to
run around and Hunt other teams it's
just that they didn't expect at all that
the human race had appeared with luu as
a
buug and for all this extra
experience it could be said to be a come
on a cool meal treating this place as a
practicing ground with this unique
Advantage the human rac's Heavens Pride
Squad managed to rush to the top of the
rankings not a moment too soon luu
opened his eyes next to him by yujing
was roasting the meat of a foreign Beast
even without spices the aroma was
tantalizing Captain want to eat byuing
asked with a smile eat luu nodded while
gulping down the roasted foreign Beast
meat luu spoke next
we just need to continue hunting foreign
beasts and we'll be able to securely
occupy first place in the
rankings but the problem is after
killing the Fay for so long there should
already be a fay squad on us it's been
encountered twice before and when those
foreigners saw it was us they were
directly scared off they ran away but
most likely they'll spread the
information that we're over here it's
not not
100% but it pays to be prepared and we
have to respond a little bit chapter 173
what is he laughing at the moment luu's
words came out the
atmosphere which was still quite relaxed
instantly became somewhat heavy the
crowd couldn't help but Furrow their
brows they had to admit that luu's words
made sense they were now topping the
rankings but that was what made them
even more
noticeable other fate teams as long as
they hunted and killed them they would
get a large amount of points in and they
wouldn't have to bear the cost of
killing the F beasts The Lure of this
large amount of points is worth any
team's desperation luu glanced at the
crowd's reaction and continued right now
we have three
choices one find a place to hide with
the points we have now we'll definitely
be able to advance to the next round we
just need to wait for the time of the
first level to end two go to other
places to hunt foreign beasts in this
way not only are you not spared the risk
of sparring but you can also maintain
the first place in the ranking three get
ready to meet these alien opponents come
one to kill one come two to kill a pair
as long as we kill all the incom coming
opponents we will be safe what do you
think hearing luu's words the
expressions of the crowd varied and woo
wooi said almost without thinking meet
the battle must meet the battle gawan
and siaya frowned and thought about it
not rushing to make a decision a few
other people looked at each other in
disbelief they felt that it would be
quite good to find a place to nest and
wait for the time of the first level to
end and it was just that this was really
embarrassing to say and this 10,000
races Heavens Pride battle the entire
human race was watching their battle and
at this juncture to find a place to nest
for more than 10 hours that's not going
to be a good way to get yelled at
Captain what do you think byuing opened
his mouth and asked the moment these
words came out the others looked at luu
in the end it was still up to luu to
decide luu deserves a lot of credit for
being able to get the number one ranking
of the 10,000 races so smoothly as the
captain luu had the right to make
decisions in the dense jungle several
black Shadows flashed past their speed
was extremely fast a twisted terrifying
Aura emanated from each of the black
Shadows the leader with six eyes on his
face was quickly observing his
surroundings within moments he made his
judgment the intelligence is correct
there are indeed traces of human Squad
activity over here there's a slain sixth
rank alien Beast over there go over and
take a look soon these black Shadows
stopped by the corpse of the sixth rank
alien Beast the leader just took a look
and concluded it's about half an hour
from the time of this alien BEAST's
death that means the human Squad should
be nearby the prey is close and here's
our chance as long as we kill this human
Squad we the evil God Clan will be in
first place Captain Dean this human
Squad why is it able to kill foreign
beasts with
impunity an evil God race Heavenly Pride
asked in disbel Le the reason is simple
they brought over a realm that didn't
reach the peak of the fifth rank so
naturally they can hunt the foreign
beasts with impunity Dean the leader of
the evil God races Heaven's Pride Squad
spoke
indifferently so simple the evil God
Clan's Heavenly Pride who had asked the
question was a bit
surprised it's that simple Dean grunted
coldly and said in fact
the human race isn't the only one almost
all of the top 20 ranked right now are
in this situation they luck is better or
rather they gambled right however being
lucky is only
temporary being overpowered is the key
because of this this top 20 ranked Squad
becomes the hunting Target of all the
teams we must kill this human Squad as
soon as possible before they go into
hiding
or before they are killed by another
team just then the movement of a sixth
ranked alien Beast falling came from the
distance the evil God Clans Prides
raised their heads ha over there here's
your chance all be careful feel your way
through the shadows and kill them all
Dean
sneered go with that this evil God race
Squad directly disappeared into in air
right in the middle of this evil God
race Squad Speedy run suddenly the
surroundings
changed
obviously 1 second he was in the middle
of the Jungle but this second he broke
into a desert at the same time an
overwhelming Sandstorm swept directly
into the air there's an
ambush seeing this scene the evil God
Clan captain Dean barely hesitated and
the Twisted domain instantly opened up
rapidly spreading in all
directions several others also opened
their respective domains to enhance the
captain's domain in just a few moments
gan's desert domain was about to be
broken open at this critical juncture
above the sky a huge meteorite suddenly
appeared like a meteor shower directly
smashing towards the ground
this came from ca's domain attack seeing
this horrific image that looks like the
end of the world has come
Dean however just laughed coldly a small
trick you dare to Ambush us with just
this trick looking for death the other
evil God Clan
celestials one after another integrated
the power of their domains into the
captain's domain afterward Dean just
gently raised his hand and countless
pairs of large Dark Twisted hands like
worms rose up from the ground and flew
Towards the Sky boom boom boom boom
countless deafening explosions came from
all over the place whether it was a
meteorite or a
sandstorm it looked like they were going
to be suppressed by these pairs of big
Twisted hands
right at this moment an invisible arrow
shot from afar directly killing a
Heavenly Pride of the evil God race it
was so fast that Dean didn't even react
he froze for a moment and turned his
head to look at his Fallen
clanmates his three pairs of eyes
glowing a little red rock he roared and
His Hands ripped violently the desert
realm was completely torn apart by those
pairs of large dark
hands at the same time the next
invisible Arrow once again
attacked this time Dean reacted with a
pair of large dark hands that tried to
grab the invisible Arrow as a result he
was still an instance lower and the
arrow passed through at extreme speed
killing another evil God Clans Heavenly
pride in just an instant of lightning
luu pulled Two bows in a row and
directly shot two evil God race
celestials
despicable cunning humans dean of the
evil God Clan shouted angrily is this
the only trick you know how to shoot
arrows from the dark after tearing apart
Gohan's desert domain Dean's Twisted
domain completely took over between
Heaven and Earth gawan spat out a
mouthful of blood his complexion a
little shriveled his heart a little
surprised this evil God Clan's Captain
was at the very least at the fifth level
of the domain with the loss of domain
sovereignty l u who was hiding in the
dark could no longer conceal his figure
archery mice I Found You Dean stared
dead on at luu high above him and said
with a cold smile I'm going to tear you
apart with my own hands without the
slightest
hesitation Dean instantly attacked and
had already pressed in front of luu
however ever the moment he struck out he
suddenly saw the little guy on the
opposite side of the room smile laughing
what's he laughing at chapter 174 I'm
all turned on how can I still be
unsteady in my roots evil Clan Captain
Dean's thoughts were simple luu's long
range attacks were so strong then close
combat was bound to be
mediocre the field was under his
complete control at the moment
as long as the close body presses in
then this little guy
inevitably can be easily torn apart and
can't even run
away however when he pressed over he
realized that the little guy on the
opposite side looking down at him from
top to bottom was not the least bit
flustered and even had a strange smile
at the corner of his mouth aha in that
moment moment Dean was a little puzzled
he doesn't get it he doesn't understand
why could he laughed when it was obvious
that this little guy in front of him was
about to be torn apart by him is it
because you think you shot two and
that's enough so even if you die it
doesn't matter damn little mice I'm
going to tear your mouth apart and need
you into meatballs and swallow you Dean
wielded a vicious smile and behind him
countless large Twisted dark hands
reached out towards luu in an
all-encompassing manner luu watched the
scene with a calm expression without the
slightest
hesitation he directly swung his sword
and chopped out the long sword in his
hand was like a stream of fire
blossoming into brilliant colors in
midair Paul returned to the ruins the
sword light broke through the Black
Knight and the countless large Twisted
hands
like pieces of paper were easily cut off
Dean felt the terror of The Sword and
the pupils of his six eyes contracted
violently he finally realized why the
little guy was smiling just now he was
laughing at his own
inscience he was laughing at the fact
that he had taken it upon himself to
deliver in a moment of life and death
Dean's reaction was quick as he
desperately mobilized the power of the
Twisted domain cess pairs of large dark
hands as if they were waves going
forward and backward kept pouncing
towards the deadly sword light just to
stop the aftermath of the sword even so
when the sword light struck half of
Dean's body was still cut open blood
splattered and his breath weakened what
a strong sword Dean's heart jumped and
for a moment he could hardly believe it
I'm a the fifth level of the domain and
I was almost cut down by a sword his
sliced body quickly gushed out flesh and
blood and in just the blink of an eye it
was glued together and restored as
before the Dismal face
proved however that it was not without
cost you actually managed to block one
of my swords Lu you looked down at the
evil God Clan's Heavenly pride in front
of him and said
indifferently not bad
you deserve to be proud of yourself Who
Are You Dean always felt that this
little guy in front of him looked a bit
familiar how come I haven't heard that
the human race has such a number one
character like you whether it's in melee
combat or at long range it's all so
powerful wait it's you at this time Dean
who was an
afterthought finally reacted
his eyes widened and his face was filled
with
disbelief you are the son of the human
Marshall Saint Lou you but the question
is how is this possible how long has it
been and you already have this kind of
strength
obviously it was only last year that luu
had made a name for himself in the
second realm reincarnation Tower and
this 10,000 Clans Heavens Pride battle
was the battlefield of the five Realms
Heavens Pride luu couldn't possibly
catch up even if he grew faster Dharma
body Dharma phase and domain each level
took a long time to
comprehend a short year is simply not
enough even if one is a
genius this is simply not
reasonable even if one was blessed by
the great evil God there was no such
growth rate due to the special nature of
the reverse entropy Mystic realm the
language of the evil God race Captain
although luu couldn't understand it he
was able to know what it meant what a
lot of crap luu said
indifferently then without the slightest
hesitation he swung his sword and
chopped again Jolie Shen Chang sword
immediately bloomed with brilliant sword
light the terrifying might once again
erupted as the mysterious runic pattern
engraved on the sword body bloomed with
a faint light the speed of his sword
obviously sword by a large margin and in
just a moment there were two swords
chopping out pull sword prison pull
returned to the ruins Dean knew the
power of the sword and without the
slightest
hesitation he dodged and was about to
blend into the darkness
incompetent let's pull out first as a
result Dean who was attempting to escape
was slowed down by the sword prison
blocking his movements it was this half
a beat slower that allowed the roiling
sword light to catch up poof poof poof
it was like a raging Storm under the
light of the sword the evil God Clan's
Heavenly Pride of the fifth level of the
domain was directly sliced into pieces
and then it was even turned into flesh
and mud dead and unable to die again
without a single possibility of Revival
Lu you looked down below
wua and the others had already entered
the arena and were fighting fiercely
with those few evil God Clan Celestial
Pride at first with the advantage in
terms of
domains these evil God race
celestials still had the upper hand but
as the evil God Clan's Captain was
killed and the Twisted domain
dissipated the evil God Clan's
celestials realized what had happened
and their faces were that wonderful the
captain had been killed killed in a
Split Second how is that possible
advantage or morale it's simply
dissipated the situation is completely
reversed
beautiful good kill wua could not help
but let out a sigh of admiration when he
saw the battle on luu's side during the
entanglement luu had clearly become
stronger again after breaking through to
the fourth realm
previously when he had broken through
the eighth layer of the trial Mystic
he had been in an incomparable mess and
it was only at the last moment when he
had used a secret method that he had
barely managed to break through to the
ninth layer as a result now facing the
evil God Clan's Heavenly Pride at the
fifth level of the domain he was even
given just three swords to chop him up
though there was the opposite side of
the coin that had died and sent itself
to the door of its own
accord however
it was an undeniable fact that three
swords had killed the fifth level of the
domain human
communities blue star Central Plaza the
millions of viewers all boiled over when
they saw the scene the Earth shattering
cheers reach their peak in an instant
these three swords are so much of a
morale booster in one word
awesome just now with the sovereignty of
the domain being occupied by the evil
God Clan's Pride the situation had
become critical the evil God race
Captain attacking and killing luu had
even caused the hearts of the audience
of all the races to be raised to their
throats already some people couldn't
bear to watch cocked their heads and
closed their eyes however the expected
image didn't happen luu resolved the
crisis with just a single sword with
just three swords he had killed this
evil God Clan's Heavenly Pride Captain
the
situation which had been critical was
reversed when the cheers boiled over
those who couldn't bear to watch
originally looked over huh what happened
it was only then that they realized as
an
afterthought what had happened to the
party at this moment everyone's heart
was pounding the hatred between the
human race and the evil God race could
be said to be long-standing at this
moment decapitating these evil God race
scumbags was simply too good to be true
some folk martial artists on the other
hand were even more wide-eyed at the
moment staring at the huge curtain of
light with
disbelief this is the little Marshall
saint that evil God Clan's captain at
the very least is at the fourth or fifth
level of the domain M and just three
swords decapitated him how does he
practice how is this possible before
that there were not a few voices that
questioned luu luu's Ascension to the
top of the human rac's Heaven's
remarkable ranking was the cause of
countless
controversies these people believed that
progress in the martial arts had always
been steady and steady and there was
nothing like him
luu with such rapid progress the
foundation was definitely
unstable and would most likely suffer a
big loss in the 10,000 Clans Heaven's
Pride
battle however at this moment Lu you
just use three swords to break all the
voices of Doubt
rooted joke I'm all turned on how can I
be
unrooted chapter 175 are you the evil
God race or am I the evil God race
blue star
University with luu's three swords
killing the evil God Race's Heavenly
Pride Captain all the students Jaws
dropped and they couldn't help but gasp
out in awe even those professors and
teachers were stunned by the scene in
front of them this the old Professor zuo
Yuan was equally
surprised he had been paying attention
to luu and naturally knew that luu was
progressing at a rapid rate but here's
the thing
this evil God Clan's Captain was at
least at the fifth level of the domain
three swords and you're chopped up it's
too much wouldn't it mean that the
current L you would be able to pass the
eighth level of the trial Mystic realm
with three swords
actually there were many factors that
went into decapitating the evil God
Clan's Captain so easily one was that he
was too gullible thinking that Lu you
was not good at melee combat and rushed
straight over to his death
secondly luu had drank a lot of extreme
potions and his
attributes in all aspects had increased
a lot thirdly luu's extreme equipment is
too much the domain fixing beat affects
the other party's field of exertion a
supreme treasure with many heavy
Treasures but also let the battle power
sort to the extreme the fourth was that
luu had broken through to the fourth
realm and had also Al come to the middle
of the fourth realm enhancing his
strength
considerably a combination of things led
to this scene if this evil God Clan's
Captain had been a little more cautious
the battle wouldn't have ended so
simply however it was too late for this
evil God Clan's Heavenly Pride Captain
even if he regretted it with his death
the Twisted domain was like a bubble
blowing up and bursting at once and a
group of evil God Clan celestials showed
horror on their faces Captain Dean dead
how is that possible these evil God race
celestials were all stunned and
subconsciously swallowed their saliva
they knew better than anyone that
Captain Dean was powerful with a
strength of the fifth level of the
domain he could be said to be the
champion of the entire evil God
community and as a result just for a
short while he was killed by this little
human fellow it was so fast that they
didn't even know what had happened
before the captain had fallen from start
to finish in less than even a second
even
siya gawan and the others were all
startled in the last second the
sovereignty of the domain was lost and
the Twisted domain took over the entire
area between Heaven and Earth the
five-fold domain suffocating them for a
while in the next second the evil race
Captain had been chopped the domain was
like a bubble breaking instantly Going
Up in Smoke and the situation was
directly reversed as the body of the
evil God Clan's Captain fell from the
heights gaan wiped the blood from the
corners of his mouth his face filled
with
disbelief this domain F evil God Clan
Captain killed just like that the evil
God Clan's Heavenly Pride that was still
fighting just now had no intention of
fighting at this moment and almost
without thinking turned around and ran
even the captain of the fifth level of
the domain died here if they continued
to fight there was only one outcome and
that was all dead here run run run as
the evil God Clan's Heavenly Pride
scattered in all
directions without the slightest
hesitation wua directly opened his
domain
whom trying to escape leave them all
here woia shouted excitedly he hadn't
made any gains in this fight just now
but luu's site had already killed three
of them this was not good something had
to be captured those evil God race
celestials who were blocked by Wu waxy's
domain did not hesitate for a second and
immediately released their domains in an
attempt to tear open an opening and run
out
as a result the field they Unleashed was
unloaded by the huge e and young fish on
the ground and there was no way to tear
an opening in a short period of time no
 at least the fourth level of the
domain kill him first strike together
several evil God R Celestial Pride
turned their heads and all of them
stared at wo woohoo instantly
surrounding them good timing wua said
with a big smile instead of fear be
careful s Cliff shouted with the
alliance of these evil God R Celestial
Pride even if wua was at the fourth
level of the domain he would still be in
Dire Straits stop them from joining
forces gawan spoke
understood
shangi s Yen Gaia Juan and the others
immediately
responded they naturally wouldn't stand
by and watch wuki fall into awe don't
steal the prey from me woo glared
they're all mine when the others heard
this they were a bit
speechless sure enough there is only a
wrong name and no wrong nickname crazy
Woo is crazy woo although woo wooa
opened his mouth like this it was
impossible for the others to really
listen once he played it off and let wua
be killed it would be a big loss the
crowd struck out and the two sides were
suddenly
entangled no way the evil God Clans
Heavenly Pride Gotham realized that this
wouldn't work if they couldn't kill wo
Wooo in a short period of time they
wouldn't be able to escape at all he
made a decision in this instant I'll
blow up the field you guys Escape blow
up when the other few evil God R
celestials heard this they instantly
understood what he was going to do blow
himself up the violent explosion created
by igniting the power of the domain
origin at all costs even if wo's domain
was as powerful as it was it would still
be blown open you guys buy me time
Gotham called out yes several other evil
God RAC celestials
responded however just at the moment
when Gotham was about to ignite the
power of His domain someone's already on
to him high above Lou you pulled the bow
string again the pristine bow blossomed
with precious light and the invisible
Arrow slowly condensed directly
targeting the evil God races Gothic the
reason is very simple this guy is
suddenly not moving so he must be to
something the screw-ups must be killed
first F luu let go of his hand the bow
string fell back and invisible arrows
scurried out on the ground Gotham who
was just about to explode himself had a
numbness in his scalp and violently
retreated
backward however the speed of this Arrow
was too fast and the moment he reacted
it was was obviously too late put
invisible arrows pinned him dead to the
ground Gotham's eyes went black and he
gradually lost
Consciousness a few other evil god- R
celestials seeing this scene were scared
out of their wits the guy who killed the
captain strikes again that's how it was
before shooting two arrows in the middle
of the melee directly reaped two lives
at the moment it's actually starting
again
earlier Captain Dean had seen him keep
releasing cold arrows and thought that
he must not be good at melee combat only
to be easily countered when he pressed
forward this guy obviously so horrible
in melee but he keeps putting cold
arrows from afar how sick is it to do
something like that are you an evil God
or am I an evil God a few evil God Clans
Heavenly Pride Their Eyes Were wide with
rage
there's an old saying among the human
race called the snipe and the muscle
fight and the fisherman wins
Carlos the captain of the purple jade
Clan opened his mouth as he ran at high
speed as the absolute Pride of the
Violet Jade Clan her body was like a
gemstone Crystal Clear
colorful and
beautiful what do you mean the Violet
Jade Clan teenager on the side
subconsciously asked stupid it means
that the human race and the evil God
race fought to the death and both sides
lost so we just happened to go over and
reap the spoils Carlos spoke up Sister
Sama is so
calculating the young girl from The
Violet Jade Clan exclaimed is this the
reason why sister Sama deliberately sent
the news to the evil God Clan chapter
176 neck and killed or
resisting
exactly
Carlos who was known as sister Lord
nodded and said with a smile this time
the human race was very lucky and just
happened to bring a low realm over so
much so that they surged up the points
ranking and went straight to first place
but not strong enough for them to keep
those points luck is just a momentary
thing and that's basically what happened
to the top of the standings what they
are going to face is a NeverEnding hunt
a Siege it's also that the battlefield
of this first level is so vast that it's
difficult for the various teams to
encounter each other otherwise it would
have long since turned into a mess we're
lucky to have encountered this human
Squad then we must seize this
opportunity found it the field hasn't
been withdrawn yet looks like the fight
is still going on very well it seems
that the situation is not
lopsided then this makes our hopes even
greater when the opposite field
withdraws we can go over and clean up
the
battlefield yes the crowd of violet Jade
Clan
celestials hearing this we all a bit
excited and
responded as the saying goes the rich
and the famous they were also aware that
this trip was very risky and if both
sides didn't lose both of them they
would be very
embarrassed however in
contrast once both sides lost the points
of the human race or the evil God race
became theirs they are willing to take a
gamble driven by the huge
benefits what the field is showing signs
of withdrawing it's so fast Carlos
suddenly realized something and
hurriedly spoke hurry over definitely
don't let them Escape
understood the Violet Jade Clan
celestials responded as they rushed in
the field completely
disappeared only to see that in the
battlefield not far away there were only
the corpses of the evil God race and no
corpses of the human race it was a
battle that ended in a one-sided
Affair ha seeing this scene Carlos froze
muttering somewhat
incredulously how is that possible at
the same time luu and the others
naturally had discovered this group of
crystalclear purple jade race
celestials as the gazes of the two sides
locked a group of purple jade Clan
celestials instantly panicked it was
over in terms of hard power the human
race or the evil God race could hang
them and that's exactly why they're
thinking about
snipers only if both sides were defeated
would they have any chance at all but
now the expected situation did not occur
where's the
calmness at this moment the distance
between the two sides is too close and
then want to run it is obviously a
little too late without the slightest
hesitation Carlos immediately revealed a
fawning smile human races
celestials we are here to Aid you is the
battle already over the purple jade Clan
Lou you asked yes we are the Violet Jade
race and the relationship between the
Violet Jade race and the human race is
quite good Carlos smiled and said that's
why I thought of coming over to join the
war and help you fight against the evil
God race together haha luu laughed
you're lying to children they are the
ones you lured in right no absolutely
not you are
mistaken Carlos denied it we didn't mean
any harm that group of evil God race has
nothing to do with us
moreover we haven't killed many alien
beasts and our points are pitifully low
so it's not even worth waging a battle I
can light up our points ranking to prove
it saying so Carlos immediately lit up
the purple jade Clans points ranking
ethnic group Squad Violet Jade current
points three team rank
15981 with a total of 16 021 teams in
the ability to rank 15
981 this team of purple jade Clan was in
a sense considered talented this gave
people the feeling that it was like a
stone in a pit smelly and hard even if
it was a smooth thing to exterminate
them there was no gain at all and they
were still too lazy to do it that point
gain is not enough for energy
consumption
perhaps it was the lighting up of the
points and rankings that prevented the
evil God Clan from destroying them and
passing thinking about this luu felt a
little amused we don't have any threats
and we don't want to bring any trouble
Carlos observed luu's face and asked
cautiously since your battle is over can
we leave you're thinking that there's no
benefit in taking you guys out so we
definitely won't do it right luu said
with a smile I think you
misunderstand I'm just trying to make it
clear that we have no value Carlos said
without moving you guys are indeed
worthless L you nodded then slowly
descended looking down at this team of
violet Jade race celestials but so what
since you Harbor malice and bring
trouble where is the reason to let you
go we didn't Carlo's face changed
slightly she dared to conclude that luu
didn't have any evidence so she denied
it once again that's just your
speculation I'll repeat it once more the
evil God RAC is coming over has nothing
to do with us it's absolutely true you
can kill us but you can't wrong us
Carlos raised his head and bit his lip
his eyes slightly red as he looked at
luu with an aggrieved expression then
glanced at the other race Celestial
Pride with the look of a man who could
be killed but not
humiliated this chuchu's absolute Beauty
even when wuu saw it he was somewhat
moved by it what she said maybe it's
true woia couldn't help but think they
don't have any points anyway so there's
no need to leave them
behind right however despite thinking
like this neither
woi nor
siaya nor Goan opened their mouths to
speak but we're waiting for luu's
decision bayu Jing didn't say anything
either although her intuition told her
that this guy in front of her was mostly
lying but the problem was that they
really didn't have any value and even if
they spent the effort to kill them all
they wouldn't have any
benefits so it would be better to let
them all get the hell out of the way
Chang XI Sun Yen xia Juan and the others
were even more cold-eyed they had seen a
lot and were not confused by The
Superficial appearance of Carlos seeing
that no one spoke for himself Carlos
once again looked at luu and couldn't
help but be a little surprised in his
heart this little guy from the human
race actually has so much Authority it's
really
incredible just then luu nodded and said
you have a point it may be that I have
wronged you guys when these words came
out
woo
sya and gawan didn't feel anything yet
Chang XI Sun Yen xiaan and the others
then felt that the captain was still
young and easy to be fooled off to
actually believe this nonsense of
hers however since this was the
captain's decision they didn't say
anything when luu said this Carlos let
out a sigh of relief so we can go she
asked go Lu you looked at her somewhat
strangely who told you to leave hauh
Carlos
froze his face going rigid you're going
back on your word going out on a limb
didn't you just say it's possible to
kill you all but not to wrongfully
accuse you luu said in a somewhat
strange manner so the matter of
wrongfully accusing or not wrongfully
accusing is out of the question right
now I simply want to kill you all any
more questions he raised the long sword
in his hand and asked
indifferently are you guys going to lead
your necks to be killed or do you intend
to resist a little chapter 177 broken
lead the moment these words came out
Carlos or the other purple jade race
celestials all froze even
wooi
sya
Goan by youu Jing
and the others froze for a moment they
thought that luu meant to spare the
group when he said that after all they
have no value it's normal to Let It Go
who knew that luu didn't follow the
rules at all Chang XI Sun Yen Gaia Juan
a few old birds on the other hand could
not help but
laugh good that's what I'm talking about
that's how it's going to be it's better
to kill the wrong person than to let
them go
although it was true that there was no
evidence that could prove that it was
them who had attracted the evil God
Clan's Heavenly Pride but the problem
was at this juncture they rushed over
here and even if they set assistance on
their lips their true thoughts were
definitely to take advantage of the fire
since this was the case killing directly
was definitely not an
injustice to know it's written in the
rules it's forbidden for any ethnic
group to join forces and once they do
they are immediately disqualified from
the
competition so the words of this captain
of the purple jade Clan are good to hear
what she's really trying to get across
is that they have no value and there's
no point in killing them however Lu uunk
attitude was even clearer no value
there is no value to kill even if there
is no value at this moment Carlos
couldn't help but curse out as he was
stunned crazy you human race you really
are all a bunch of warlike
lunatics run run from all directions luu
saw this scene and said
meaningfully run you didn't run in the
beginning but you're only thinking of
running now actually since the beginning
luu had no intention of letting this
group of foreigners go as the saying
goes if it's not my kind its heart will
be different not to mention on this
battlefield of the 10,000 Clans Heavens
Pride battle the reason why he had been
talking to this captain of the purple
jade clan for so long not abusing the
weak rather they are simply
stalling having just finished the battle
with those evil God race celestials
although he was still in full condition
the others were in average condition
therefore it could be said to be very
crucial to delay for a little while
allowing the sixth order extreme potion
to quickly restore the physical strength
of the crowd don't look at just this
moment of
conversation under the effect of the
sixth order extreme potion the people's
chi and energy had already recovered
most of it and they once again had the
power to fight this time it was only
afterward that Carlos the captain of
that Violet Jade Clan realized this she
felt a little stifled both clearly lit
up the points leaderboard something that
couldn't be faked and the points of the
purple jade Clan were
indeed only that however this group of
human Celestial Pride was still
unwilling to let them go if I had known
this where would I have been so
condescending and sycophantic for so
long should have run away at the first
opportunity only it was obviously too
late to regret it now with the pursuit
all the way these purple jade Clans
Heavenly Pride were barely able to put
up any
resistance even the struggles of that
Violet Jade Clan's Captain still failed
to make any waves the situation is
completely
lopsided
obviously in terms of strength alone The
Violet Jade Clan Squad and the evil God
Clan Squad were far from each other to
know Lou you and the others designing
ambushes taking medicines in advance
waiting for the enemy prepared to fight
unprepared only in a short period of
time to gain a little bit of an
advantage shooting two evil God race
Celestial Pride but even so it was still
a stalemate
and even the sovereignty of the domain
was completely lost the
situation in fact was already very
dangerous if the evil God Clan Captain
hadn't found death and rushed over to
kill luu then the outcome of this battle
would have been
uncertain even if we could win it would
mostly be a bad win at least lose
several people as a price but this
purple jade Clan Squad was different
after the batt attle against the evil
God race fighting them again was like
abusing a vegetable few Dash luu drew
his bow like a full moon and after
locking it his fingers gently released
it and the invisible Arrow flew out like
a shooting star drawing a beautiful Ark
in the air instantly hitting a purple
jade Clan's Heavenly Pride that was
fleeing bang the pride of the purple
jade Clan was hit by the arrow and
instantly burst into flames like an
Exquisite gemstone being blown to
Smither causing people to feel sorry for
it human
communities countless viewers saw this
scene can't help but smack my lips
ferocious it's so vicious another alien
Squad to
exterminate does that count as hurting
the friendship between the two
clans yes the relationship between our
human race and the purple jade race is
quite good a good
relationship the 10,000 Clans Heavens
Pride battle still cares about this
that's right we've just finished the
battle and they're rushing over what's
the meaning of this isn't it obvious
enough almost got caught by them are we
going to let them off the hook
ridiculous it should be killed right
these two biters who took advantage of
the fire deserve to die
yeah I have to say little Marshall Saint
is really too powerful who still dares
to say that the human race is Heaven's
pride no one is not worthy of its name
still dare to stand out and bark to hear
it since the beginning of the star
Marshall calendar the human race has
never produced such a powerful Heavenly
Pride
exaggerated it's not
exaggerated even a marshall Saint wasn't
this strong as a child right don't say
really at this moment luu's strength
might not be anything to the top
powerhouses but if you associate it with
his age it's a
stretch especially with his growth rate
a year ago luu was only two Realms away
although at that time he had also broken
through to the ninth floor of The
Reincarnation Tower sh shocking all the
races in the universe but at that time
luu could only be counted as the topmost
and most talented seedling a Super
Genius who had yet to grow up you say he
has the stature of a martial arts Saint
then indeed he has the stature of a
martial arts saint but a genius who
hasn't grown up isn't really strong who
knew but in just a year's time ah luu
had already stepped into the category of
the top Heavenly Pride of the fifth
realm one Arrow killed the Violet Jade
Clan's Heavenly pride and three swords
killed the evil God Clan's domain fifth
level powerhouse it's already sort of
grown up blue star
University when the old professors would
show you on saw the scene he couldn't
help but softly lament at this rate of
growth I'm afraid that before long he'll
be able to seal the king that's right
the professor the S side set
approvingly with his natural Talent the
rules after the ninth level of the
domain should not be difficult to step
into this kind of natural Talent is
truly amazing at this rate of growth in
the near future our human race is bound
to produce another Marshall Saint if
that's the case our human race will
surely rise completely it's not that
simple zuo Yuan shook his head the idea
is
wonderful but the reality is
extraordinarily harsh if it really came
to that day the human race would instead
be in great danger at that time the
attack of the 10,000 races of the
universe would inevitably be
unprecedentedly fierce they definitely
wouldn't be willing that a second
Marshall Saint would appear in the human
race with time rapidly passing in the
blink of an eye there were only the last
4 hours left until the end of the first
level of the 10,000 races Heavens Pride
battle on the
leaderboard as the human races points
continued to increase it had pulled
second place away completely Breakaway
lead chapter 178 a strange change arises
the war of the 10,000 races is coming
first place team human points 10
341 second Place team Holy Ghost Race
points
three
171 third place team star Gods points
2914 when the Heavenly Prides of the
major Clans saw this ranking their eyes
turned red 10,000 points are you kidding
me how the hell did they do that this
terms human race is it actually this
terrifying if we can hunt the human race
then we can have this 10 0000 points as
well how can I hunt them this first
level of the world is just too big
trying to find them is like finding a
needle in the
sea yeah they've already rushed to 10
0000 0 points as long as there are no
surprises the first place will
definitely be the human races they just
need to hide there's still a chance I
don't think they're hiding as long as we
find this human Squad then there's still
a chance seeing that the time for the
first level was coming to an end many of
the human Spectators who stayed up late
to watch the match couldn't help but
laugh far ahead this one is so far ahead
there shouldn't be any
surprises yeah with little Marshall
Saint strength as long as he's not
surrounded by
teams he'll definitely be fine easy
peasy this level is too easy yes we have
the little Marshall Saint the advantage
is too great steady all 7,000 points
ahead of the second place is this still
not stable it may not be stable a
marshal Emperor suddenly opened his
mouth as he shook his head and said this
10,000 races Heavens Pride battle has
always been fair and never favors any
race yes in front because the little
Marshall Saint realm is low the human
race has the advantage but that may not
be the case behind another Marshall
Emperor nodded it's hard to speculate in
the 10,000 Clans Heavens Pride battle
only hard power is the key if I'm right
the test is coming soon I also don't
know if the little Marshall Saints
the few people will be able to make it
through this hurdle just as several
martial Emperors had guessed just when
all the ethnic viewers felt that the
victory was assured and couldn't be more
stable the accident came as expected
when the rankings are published this
first level of the 10,000 Clans Heavens
Pride battle has been updated with a new
rule in the last 4 hours the first level
of the battlefield will shrink from the
original 100 m I Square km at an
extremely fast rate eventually shrinking
to 1,000 square
km the final
showdown the final Madness is coming
please prepare all the squads please
stay tuned for the viewers of all the
races in the universe when this news
came out the human audience who had
already planned to pop the champagne
early all
froze what the map shrinks
from 100 million square
kilm right down to a th000 are you
kidding me this rule isn't it clearly
targeting our human race how big is a
th000 square
kilm with such a high density how Fierce
must the fighting be it's over it was
almost predictable that once the map was
narrowed down the human Squad that
ranked first in points would inevitably
receive the focused attention of the
10,000 races team that's a temptation of
10 0000 0 points who wouldn't want to
take it before that people simply
couldn't find the human Squad after all
a map of 100 million square kilm is just
too big too big this is equivalent to
half the land area of the entire Blue
Planet luu Squad which was a drop in the
ocean was impossible to
find however when the map shrinks to
1,000 square
kilom it's a very different story how
big is one 0000 Square
kilm it's just the size of the total
area of a small County for tens of
thousands of fifth realm
powerhouses it was but a matter of
minutes before they could turn the
ground upside down with this little
place the human race team
there is no place to hide and it will
definitely become the target of the
universe's 10,000 race teams with the
rule change the first level of the
battlefield has taken a sharp turn for
the worse the final Madness that's
coming the human Community wailed in the
universe Spectators from other powerful
communities however sheared when they
saw this rule yes that's the way it
should be that's only fair the sun Clan
tyin Clan blood moon Clan chaotic
ancient Clan and other powerful Clans
their Heavenly Pride's results at this
first level could be considered very
average because there was no way to hunt
the alien beasts plus the map was too
big to find other squads for a while
resulting in too little Point income not
even squeezing into the top
1,000 obviously powerful but nowhere to
utilize it only dry eyes when they saw
that the human race actually ranked
number one was still leading the break
they were naturally
unconvinced why is it that only the
human race is so far ahead just by their
luck
luckily as the map shrunk in the battle
became progressively more intense their
chance came name if we hunt the human
Squad then we'll be number one the
opportunity has finally arrived that's
right that's right A Time Of Madness is
coming it's really something to look
forward to 10,000 Clans Heavens Pride
battle the first level of the
battlefield luu and the others looked at
the information in front of them wooa
and the others their faces gradually
became grave no one expected such a turn
of events at the last minute when the
game was about to end with a few hours
left the map is starting to shrink as
the map shrinks to the last thousand
square
kilm at that time it was bound to be a
mess the intensity of the battle has
increased 10-fold and
100-fold bad SE Cliff couldn't help but
speak we've taken too many points and
the heaven Pride teams of the 10,000
races of the universe are afraid that
each and every one of them is staring at
us if they are
surrounded wuky knitted his brows his
scalp was a little numb he was a martial
arts madman but he was not a true
madman once they were surrounded by the
10,000 rac's Celestial Pride none of
them could
survive the situation is indeed
Troublesome but perhaps not that bad luu
shook his head and spoke it's written on
the rules of the opening game it's
forbidden for any race to join forces
and once they do they are immediately
disqualified since that's the case the
Heavenly pride of those Clans are bound
to throw in the towel and are unlikely
to really join forces to surround them
the rules are fair treat them as they
are treat us
likewise as long as they don't join
forces to surround us then we still have
a chance so don't worry too much hearing
this gaan couldn't help but speak what
if they don't join forces to surround
them but instead engage in a Wheel
battle this is indeed a problem the
temptation of 10 000000 points was too
strong and teams with a little bit of
strength all wanted to come and pick the
peach as long as they avoided the rule
restriction of joining forces there
would surely be team after team of
foreigners rushing forward to wheel over
to fight them wheel Wars while not as
threatening as teaming up are a big deal
as round after round of fighting went on
even if luu was strong he would be
exhausted alive hearing this luu nodded
noncommittally then said in a single
sentence then we can only fight kill
them until they are cowed
kill them until no one dares to covet us
anymore chapter 179 are you going to do
it one by one or together kill them till
they are cow kill them until no one
dares to covet us again as soon as these
words came out Woo's blood surged at
that moment and he couldn't help but
exclaim In Praise good then let's battle
and kill as long as we don't Siege we
still have a chance
Sia nodded since they dare to Target us
we must give them a taste of their own
medicine byuing also spoke up the
originally heavy atmosphere became
slightly lighter the crowd was no longer
overly worried the unity of the human
Squad had been pulled full circle with
this fight right luu spoke there's one
more thing what is it woy asked as he
opened his mouth my current realm is the
late fourth realm and I'm about to step
into the peak of the fourth realm so as
long as I continue to brush the monsters
next breaking through to the fifth realm
shouldn't be a problem luu looked at the
crowd and spoke again as long as I break
through to the fifth realm my strength
will still get stronger so don't worry
about the shrinking Circle for now keep
hunting the beasts and keep brushing up
your score scores the crowd's eyes lit
up at those words when he first entered
this
battlefield luu's realm was still the
Third Realm even though luu's body had
the treasure golden body Pearl which
made up for the energy gap in the realm
those energies were not his own after
all even if you can have full control
there is still a difference
afterwards by hunting foreign beasts and
obtaining Spirit energy which was
continuously converted into
cultivation he broke through to the
fourth realm and became significantly
stronger at the moment it came to the
brink of a breakthrough again as long as
he breaks through to the fifth realm
even if the situation in the dueling
circle is bad they are not out of the
question After figuring this out the
crowd once again began to hunt the
foreign beasts as strands of spiritual
energy entered his body and continued to
be converted into into
cultivation luu's realm quickly reached
the peak of the fourth realm at this
moment he was just a step away from the
fifth realm soon luu furrowed his brows
still it's not even close unfortunately
time is running out I don't know if I'll
make it as time passed the map of the
first level continued to shrink and
during this time the human Squad
encountered many alien squads one after
another most of these foreign race
squads like the purple jade race Squad
were of average strength belonging to
the bottom level of the 10,000 races
Heavens Pride battle and only looked at
them from afar then immediately fled
away not daring to come over and make a
scene at all the human race is Heavens
Pride Squad even if their strength was
average was only compared to other
powerful races Heaven Pride squads not
just any cat or dog that could touch the
porcelain most of the heavens Pride
squads of these weak races hadn't even
mastered the fledgling forms of their
domains many of them have not even
perfected their Dharma phases and they
are not able to perform the Dharma
Heaven and Earth the gap between the two
sides was too great completely at a
different level they also had the
self-awareness to leave from a distance
but as the map of the first level got
smaller and smaller it was only a matter
of time before they encountered the
Heavenly Pride squads of powerful races
the strength of the heavens Pride squads
of these powerful races was generally
the same as the evil God race Heavens
Pride squads or even a bit stronger they
weren't afraid of the human Race's
Heavenly Pride Squad and they even had
to stare at them early on all thinking
of eating the human race Squad and
getting the 10 0 00 0 points as they
continued to hunt and kill the foreign
beasts the human squad's points were
still climbing upwards first hour after
the draw down human Points 11
2011 second hour after the draw down
human points
12
141 third hour after the draw down human
points 13 05
when the time for the first level came
to the last hour the map of the first
level also shrunk to the smallest stage
at this time all the foreign beasts all
disappeared this first level had
completely turned into a battlefield for
the prizes of the 10,000 races the
ultimate
Armageddon it's about to begin the
moment the audience of all the races in
the universe were all excited
it's about to start the final melee
where is the human squad over there see
over there that's the son of the
Marshall Saint little Marshall St louu
obviously it's different from when it
was in The Reincarnation Tower how long
has it been and it already has a strong
demeanor however what he's going to face
is the Heavenly Pride of the 10,000
races of the
universe human
communities the countless
Spectators all of them were sweating
points for the human race a unique class
this is an advantage and a
disadvantage who wouldn't want to come
and get a piece of the Heavenly Pride of
the 10,000 Clans in this
Armageddon the human race was bound to
be
targeted this was something that was
beyond doubt even by yuyo at this moment
was fully focused on the screen
subconsciously holding her breath what a
true test until this moment the first
level the final
Battlefield the 10,000 races of the
universe almost all of the heaven Pride
squads turned their gazes towards the
human race Squad it can't be helped this
squad of human Celestial pride is too
Heaven defying they got 13
005 points it was sufficiently ahead of
the second place Holy Spirit race team
by nearly 10 0000 0 points who could not
be
impressed but anyone who knows a little
better once the group annihilated this
human Squad and got their 13,000 points
it would inevitably replace the human
Heavens Pride Squad and become a Target
plus the rules State no teaming up so
much so that for a moment no Squad dared
to make a move but only stared at them
with a tacid understanding what kind of
feeling was it to be stared at by more
than 10 0000 Heaven Pride squads more
than 100 005th realm
powerhouses
stimulation it's so exciting even
Marshall Peerless had his scalp tingling
for a moment a few others even even more
so had
goosebumps even luu had never seen such
a big scene before he raised his head
and looked around at the densely packed
countless squads of Heaven's Pride the
eyes of these foreign races were
glittering with greed some of the
foreign rac's Pride were even more eager
to try already somewhat
impatient among them were the lizard
Dragon race the sun race the tiin race
the chaotic ancient race the blood moon
race and so on without exception all of
them were the top Celestial pride of
powerful races as for the Holy Spirit
race and star God races Celestial Pride
although they had gotten enough points
they also curiously sized up luu and his
group this is the human Race's Heavenly
Pride Squad what makes them get 13 0000
0 points is it just better luck just
brought a low realm little guy over the
moment almost the vast majority of gazes
were focused on luu's body it was not
because luu was the son of the Marshall
Saint rather he is the lowest in the
realm in that case the vast majority of
the points in the human Community should
be in his possession just need to kill
him to get those 13 000000 points
at this instant cess greedy eyes almost
condensed into
substance just then Lou youu who stepped
on the white Jade wind in fire wheel
wore the dragon scale battle armor and
wore the jly shin Shing sword on his
waist plus a heavy treasure suit as well
as a matching variety of secret
treasures flew forward for some distance
only to see his hands wrapped around his
chest looking disdainfully at the cosmic
10,000 Race's Celestial Pride he fatly
opened his mouth and asked I am luu of
the human race do you all intend to go
up one by one or all together chapter
180 installed a big wave Lou Ed words
his voice was not very loud but the
penetrating power was very strong the
surrounding densely packed countless
foreign races Heavenly Prides all froze
at after hearing these words still on
this final
Battlefield in the last second it was
still bustling with the pride of the
10,000 races in the universe all
discussing this human Squad in the next
second when luu said this it immediately
became quiet and for a moment a needle
could be heard no one had expected that
at this point in time this little saint
of the human race would still dare to
stand out and mock the group is he crazy
or are we
crazy prior to this the Heavenly Pride
of the 10,000 races of the universe had
already treated the human race Squad as
prey yet now luu was actually treating
the 10,000 races Heaven Pride Squad as
prey even got them together what an
inverted Big Dipper is this a statement
made knowing that they can't be together
if they really went together they would
violate the rules of the Heaven's Pride
battle and would be directly
eliminated naturally no fool would do
that the moment not far behind luu
woya bayu Jing and the others all gulped
a mouthful of saliva when they heard
this although this is within the plan
the problem is that being focused on by
more than 100 00004 and Celestial Pride
The Gaze or the might is almost
condensed into substance their scalps
tingled their sweaty hairs stood up and
the pressure was simply not too great L
U on the other hand was still able to be
frank and calm and even reversed the Big
Dipper and put on a big wave days what
kind of big heart is that even W Wy
couldn't help but stare with his eyes
wide open and couldn't help but mutter
are you a crazy martial artist or am I a
crazy martial artist woo wooo asked
himself that he was already crazy enough
but compared to luu at this moment he
was a small thing in the
meantime human
communities the countless Spectators all
stared in disbelief when they saw this
scene everyone is worried that the human
race is being targeted who knows luou
you rushed up alone it was impossible to
hear what he was saying but the gesture
what he was trying to say was obvious
enough this is to challenge the pride of
the 10,000 races of the universe declare
war on all the Fay crazy it's crazy the
major civilized communities of the
universe all the spectators of all the
Clans couldn't help but smack their lips
when they saw the scene
this little human is crazy kill him what
arrogance he must be killed even some of
the powerful gods were a bit surprised
when they saw the scene this is the
human Race's little Marshall Saint what
an arrogant little fellow sure enough
like father like son almost in the same
mold as his old man nah a little more
arrogant than his old man being so
arrogant won't end well within the
counter entropy Mysteries an extremely
special place haha worthy of being my
son Lu chaning couldn't help but laugh
out in a very good mood since the 10,000
races covet it it would be better to
just declare war on the 10,000 races
let's see if they dare to join forces
hearing this there was a black robed
powerhouse on the side that slowly said
which shows in the forest and the wind
will destroy it once he said this I'm
afraid that those who didn't want to
make a move originally will be staring
at him Lu Chang xang said in
disbelief who let you change the rules
of this 10,000 Clans Heaven Pride battle
Midway it would have been within the
authority allowed for me to modify the
rules the black robed Powerhouse said
indifferently I need to maintain overall
fairness at all times fairness Lu Chang
xang laughed his eyes glowing like fire
as he stared at the black robed
Powerhouse asking word for word then
reverse entropy Envoy what exactly is
your constant pursuit of the so-called
fairness for or is it simply to show
that being behind you a good time when
the reverse entropy Envoy heard this he
fell silent and stopped speaking Lu
changing couldn't help but knit his
brows every time he wanted to ask for
something
substantial he was this tight lipped
these old Antiquities from the last
reincarnation it was as if they were
guarding some secret one by one they
very silently refrained from saying
anything whether it was The
Reincarnation Tower or the reverse
entropy mystery realm it was all the
same what is their
purpose really it was clear that their
civilizations had died out
their communities had been wiped out and
the universe in which they existed had
worn out in one reincarnation after
another but they were still active in
this universe today it's like to wait
for something or rather look for
something seeing that he really couldn't
ask anything LU changing shook his head
helplessly and changed the topic which
Heavenly Pride do you favor hearing this
the reverse entropy Envoy then spoke up
the Manifest Destiny of the solar
Community the solstice Moon of the tyin
clan the hijacking of the blood moon
Clan chaos ancient races taisu the
yuyuan of the Holy Spirit Community the
OS of the star God Community these six
great Heavenly Prides are all the
champion seeds of this Heaven's Pride
battle Lu Chang xang blared where is my
son
him the reverse entropy Envoy laughed
with his current strength it's hard to
even enter the top 10 oh don't be
unconvinced you son the talent is indeed
awesome it's no exaggeration to say that
in terms of natural Talent alone none of
these six Heavenly Prides can be
compared to him the reverse entropy
onvoy
lamented nay the time he has been prac
practicing is too short if I'm not
mistaken he should have only been
practicing for a year or two right Lu
changing nodded
slightly that's right the reverse
entropy Envoy nodded although he walks
the path of fleshly body becoming a
saint if he converts it into a domain
he's only in the first level of the
domain which means that he's just
stepped into this realm at this realm to
be able to kill a domain fifth level is
already Heaven defying enough how can
you make him fight with a Heavenly pride
of a domain seventh level or above not
necessarily Lu Chang xang spoke in fact
at first I thought similarly to you
thinking that it would be hard enough
for him to participate in the 10,000
Clans Heavens Pride battle but then he
changed my mind see this kid always
surprises the reverse entropy Envoy
didn't deny it but just smiled maybe
Dash the ultimate
Battlefield luu came up with a big load
naturally there was a foreign racist
Pride that couldn't stand to watch it's
too arrogant to tolerate it's absolutely
intolerable at that time some foreign
races Heavenly Pride rushed up boom the
ground raised 10 0000 M of smoke as a
steel giant roared up die for me with a
roar the arm which resembled the
building smashed straight over luu did
not Dodge he just gently raised his hand
and blocked this terrifying strike under
the huge gap in strength not to mention
being smashed away luu didn't even move
his body in the slightest
then he just squeezed this huge arm and
made the steel giant struggle ninth
level of Dharma phase you haven't even
mastered the domain and you dare to come
over here to die luu said with disdain
this foreign Race's Heavenly Pride he
didn't even have the awareness to be
Canon fod a this the pride of the card
gang Clan's face changed
drastically completely not expecting the
strength of this little guy from the
human race to be so
terrifying he was just about to shed the
arm and Break Free the next instant the
sword light has arrived the hard and
incomparable steel body of the card gang
Clan was neatly turned into two halves
and the body gradually turned into
nothingness directly eliminated out luu
raised the long sword in his hand and
spoke blandly next chapter
181 again again
whom this strength it's not bad to be so
arrogant one really does have an
arrogant base what a strong physical
body to be able to lift so much weight
without exerting a Dharma phase it's a
little hard to see what kind of strength
he has let's have a domain expert test
it out who goes the 10,000 races
Celestial Pride was talking about it
luu's strength was without without a
doubt very strong there are those who
can defeat him but they are few at this
moment each of these top powerhouses was
watching and not in a hurry to make a
move no one wants to expose their cards
so easily after all long time until the
end of the first level it is not wise to
expose your strength and tricks in a
hurry but in the cosmic 10,000 races
Heavens Pride Squad
there were still quite a few of the more
than 100 000000 powerhouses who were
overwhelmed by greed at this moment when
they heard luu's words they rushed over
one after another there were even quite
a few Heavenly Prides that directly
teamed up to kill this is not a
violation because they're on the same
Squad just don't join up with other
squads kill kill him to together seeing
this scene behind luu wuy and the others
couldn't help but Furrow their brows but
remembering luu's
instructions they held back and didn't
go over to support the crowd stared
earnestly at the battlefield in front of
them ready to strike in support at any
time however their concerns proved to be
overstated the sword light kept flashing
this individual foreign Pride was was a
top genius in his own
tribe however under luu's sword it was
like a weed that was easily harvested
without even the slightest resistance
poo poo poo poo when a sword went over
it was the fall of several foreign races
Heavenly Pride when some of the foreign
races Pride saw this they were
immediately emboldened and turned around
to run yet it was obviously too late to
run now luu's sword was too fast
too Fierce and did not give them a
chance to escape directly transformed
into a merciless harvesting machine weak
too weak where are the real
powerhouses why did you let a bunch of
Canon fodder come up here to die not
even a single domain for luu was a
little upset he could now be said to be
at the peak limit and great circle of
the fourth Realm
and was about to break through to within
the fifth realm but it's that close it's
not about experience anymore even being
able to keep killing monsters doesn't
help much the real world is not a game
where you can automatically upgrade when
your experience value is at the top
realm breakthroughs take all aspects
into account at this moment L you needed
to
precipitate
integrate and then SU it if he had more
time he could have successfully broken
through to the fifth realm after closing
his eyes for 10 days and half a month
unfortunately time is what's most in
short supply right now that's why he
wanted to complete this process of
precipitation
integration and sublimation through
constant battles and smoothly break
through to the fifth realm breaking
through in the middle of a battle this
was considered to be a occurrence for
human martial artists luu hasn't tried
it yet so looking forward to it who knew
that these topmost foreign tribes
Heavenly Prides one more cunning than
the other would not come up at all but
instead snub those weak tribes Heavenly
Prides for Canon fodder the so-called
Heavenly Pride of the 10,000 races of
the
universe this is it the moment Lu U's
words came out some top powerhouses
finally couldn't help themselves in the
sunclan Heavenly Pride Squad the
absolute Heavenly Pride Heaven's Destiny
slowly opened his eyes his eyes were
golden and very Soul stirring and even a
simple glance at him could shake the
heart and mind Heaven's Destiny calmly
glanced at the sunclan Heavenly Pride
next to him and spoke fly floating light
go and teach him a lesson as soon as
these words came out the sun R's
Heavenly Pride named floating light
immediately revealed an excited smile
good mile good mile I've been waiting
for you to say this I can't stand to see
this human race brat pretending so much
without the slightest
hesitation the floating light directly
pressed over in the
meantime a vast domain swept across the
entire Heaven and Earth a great sun rose
and the sun races Heavenly Pride
floating light was situated on top of
this great Sun as he opened his hands
and said with a smile little fellow of
the human race I've come to meet you as
soon as these words came out the 10,000
races Heavenly Pride Canon F who was
originally prepared to pounce over
immediately changed their faces domain
fif it's him the second expert of the
sunlan heavens Pride Squad floating
light there's a good show
Retreat as the floating light made its
appearance the top Celestial Pride of
the powerful plans opened their eyes One
By One The shuu of the tyin clan the
hijack of the blood moon Clan the tysu
of the chaotic ancient Clan the yuyuan
of the Holy Spirit Clan all look towards
the center of the battlefield with
interest and Os of the star God Clan
all looked towards the center of the
battlefield with interest a Heavenly
Pride of the fifth level of the realm
going into battle could finally test the
depths of this luu domain fifth level
luu nodded slightly Here Comes an okay
one not bad floating light stared at luu
dead in the face a mere peak of the
fourth realm and you dare to be so
arrogant who do you think I am wow
flating light raised his hand and
dazzling blinding white light spread
over the sky as the level of the domain
continues to increase a number of
characteristics are created for example
the must hit feature within the field
the density of the attack was directly
pulled full even if the speed was fast
as long as it was within the field it
was impossible to avoid it
this is the case at the moment with the
blinding white light luu was inevitably
attacked the white light is extremely
hot and has a defense breing effect an
incomparably strong burning sensation
came from a steady stream under the
white light floating light holding a
flaming Lance had dashed to luu's front
and stabbed without
hesitation die just then luu suddenly
opened his eyes and violently stabbed
his sword puman sword light boom Dash a
sword and a gun collided and an
incomparably terrifying explosion
erupted under one blow floating light
only felt numbness in his arms and the
palm of his hand that held the Lance
tightly was already full of cracks he
exclaimed in
disbelief how can you still make a sword
under the white light it burned like
crazy in came with an extremely powerful
defense breing effect even if the
physical body was strong it was
impossible to block it yet luu was
unaffected and was still able to
continue to make sword
strikes this is
incredible however what answered him was
the terrifying sword light this was
another extremely ferocious sword pul
Punisher floating light desperately
staged however this pay ran Emoji can
Royal terror attack as if it could crush
everything it was simply difficult to
Stave off the entire arm was almost
ruined and the flame Lance in his hand
directly came out of his hand bad
floating light realized that it was bad
and turned around to try to escape into
that great Sun yet another incomparably
terrifying sword chop came carrying a
sword light that seemed to be able to
destroy everything Paul returned to the
ruins
under the radiance sword light floating
light's body was instantly churned into
countless pieces at the same time this
great
sunfield like a dream bubble instantly
dissipated as if it had never existed at
all amidst the stunned gazes of all the
foreign Pride luu spoke again again
again chapter 182 though 10 million
people are going the moment these words
came out this final Battlefield
instantly became incomparably quiet more
than 100 00004 and racist Prides were
all looking at him in dismay and shock
who can't believe it three swords it's
only three swords a domain 5 Powerhouse
had fallen just like that but what was
happening before their eyes had to
convince them that's the truth long
before that the battle power Leu
displayed when he killed the Kagan
Clan's Heavenly Pride with a single
sword was stunning
enough however this was not enough to
deter the 10,000 racist Celestial Pride
they continued to judge luu there were
still countless foreign Pride that
coveted and longed for the 13,000 points
that luu had obtained so when luu said
the next one one by one they came
forward even if luu had sword after
sword like cutting grass frantically
chopping away he couldn't stop their
Madness the thoughts of these foreign
celestials were simple a peak of the
fourth realm had a limited amount of
Chien energy and it didn't take long for
it to run out of strength by then you
will still be a fish on The Chopping
board to be
slaughtered even if it means becoming
Canon fodder anyway
Barefoot is not afraid to wear shoes
this first hurdle of the 10,000 Clans
Heavenly Pride battle was supposed to be
16 into one and the vast majority of the
teams the vast majority of the Heavenly
Pride would be eliminated since this was
the case what was there to be afraid of
just do it and be done with it why don't
you come and fight for riches if you're
going to be eliminated
anyway however when the luu at this
moment
after three swords had killed a domain
fifth level it's like a pot of cold
water poured over your head the prideful
members of the foreign races who had
originally planned to rush over to send
them to their deaths had finally calmed
down even if luu says again again for a
while there was no more foreign Pride
that dared to come forward everyone's
freaked out floating light the second
expert of the sunclan heavens Pride
Squad ah just die after a short silence
the 10,000 races of the
universe amongst the major teams
immediately erupted in a burst of
exclamations this is the human Race's
little Marshall Saint what a terrifying
Sword Art no his sword skills are indeed
terrifying but what's truly terrifying
is his physical body
flashh right didn't you realize that
he was able to instantly Counterattack
under floating lights domain five attack
as usual that's right I'm afraid
floating light never dreamed that
someone could complete a Counterattack
while suffering from his white light
pervading attack the defensibility of
this fleshly body is truly terrifying to
the extreme it's said that the human
Race's little Marshall saint has the
appearance of a marshall Saint and now
it seems that his name really lives up
to his
reputation when the sunclan squad the
strongest Heavenly Pride Heaven's
Destiny saw this scene a hint of
surprise flashed through his golden eyes
a bit
interesting good kill haha in the tyin
clan shuu was very happy as she laughed
and said it's really worthy of being the
human Clan's little Marshall Saint the
blood moon Clan's hijack said softly if
I guessed correctly he should be
following the path of fleshly body
sainthood the chaotic ancient racist
Tais Su then furrowed his brows that
floating light was careless he didn't
even expect that this luu's close combat
would be so powerful the Holy Spirit
Clan Yuan shook his head if floating
light had utilized the advantages of his
domain to the extreme this L you
wouldn't have been able to win so easily
star God races o eyes lit up and said
with a smile with this kind of strength
you can probably enter the top 10 or so
of this Heaven's Pride battle the
eyesight of these topmost Heavenly
Prides could be considered formidable to
the extreme and through this momentary
battle they analyzed numerous pieces of
information this luu is good at close
combat absolutely can't fight with him
in close combat must use the advantage
of domain space to the maximum extent
human
communities major planets all the
spectators boiled over when they saw the
scene three sorts to kill the sun Clan's
Heavenly Pride little Marshall Saint is
too powerful in
contrast there is the audience of all
the races of the universe one
frowned not without some depression no
one had expected that the human Race's
little Marshall Saint would stand up to
provoke the 10,000 rac's Heavenly pride
and still not fall it's too much what's
going on still can't take this little
little human guy to actually let him
kill all the way to this point come on
some powerful characters don't let this
human brat continue to be
arrogant ha suddenly the scene that took
place in front of them caused all the
major races trillions of Spectators to
all stare in
disbelief crazy it's crazy it Dash
10,000 Clans Heavens Pride battle
the final
Battlefield luu raised his head Fong
said again again as a result none of the
foreigners even dared to come
forward it seems like he's
intimidated after all three swords to
kill a domain fifth Heavenly Pride was
just too much ha all afraid to go on Lu
you blinked a smile then appeared at the
the corner of his mouth in that case
then it's my turn boom Dash without the
slightest
hesitation luu's figure moved the white
Jade Wind and Fire will under his feet
rotated crazily his speed soared by a
large margin in this instant and his
entire body directly transformed into a
stream of light charging towards the
10,000 Clan's Heavenly Pride at this
moment he was is only half a step away
from breaking through the fifth realm
it's that close how's that work since
the 10,000 racist Celestial Pride didn't
dare to come over then Lu you would go
over he came to take the initiative
where the road is though millions of
people will go this incomparably crazy
move the cosmic 10,000 races of heavenly
Pride all stunned who did not expect Lu
you be so crazy don't even mention the
pride of the 10,000 races of the
universe even behind luu woo Wy by
yujing and the others were stunned each
with their jaws Agape in disbelief of
the scene in front of them no Captain
how did you just rush over there is this
a kill no it's not something that can be
explained from the top facing these more
than 100
00004 and celestials since still being
able to bravely launch a charge a simple
top could not do so in the
meantime human
communities nearly a thousand living
planets the countless human
Spectators after seeing this scene all
stared in dismay little
Marshall Saint is
crazy yeah isn't that rushing over to
deliver it even if the junior Marshall
Sage is strong once he falls into a
Siege losing is just a matter of time at
the same realm to be able to fight one
against a 100 is already a supreme
Heavenly pride and now the junior
Marshall Sage is even trying to fight
one against
100,000 this is simply impossible to do
the
moment even the Marshal Emperor opened
his mouth in dismay
one then furrowed his brow and thought
in their opinion luu would never do
anything
meaningless in that case
soon someone guessed it he stared at luu
who was fighting madly in the screen and
said
thoughtfully little Marshall Saint is
this an intention to break through in
battle sure enough he's about to right
away breakr to the fifth realm in the
middle of a battle chapter 183 just
waiting for the final
sublimation the final
Battlefield luu's Madness shocked all
the foreign rac's Heavenly pride no one
could understand why he dared to launch
himself alone towards more than 100 0000
Heaven's Pride it's tantamount to death
crazy the martial artists of the human
race are really all crazy but there
there were also some face celestials who
reacted this guy is using us as a
millstone a change in breath he's going
to break through he intends to break
through to the fifth realm during the
battle can't let him break through kill
him before he breaks through a crowd of
celestial Pride felt humiliated at this
moment although they didn't feel that
luu's strength would change much when he
broke through to the fifth realm after
all both had mastered the
domains what difference could there be
between the fifth realm and the fourth
realm but since it was luu who wanted to
go through with it it had to be stopped
at this moment with luu taking the lead
in charging and killing it would not be
considered joining forces for these
foreign race celestials to strike back
boom boom boom boom attacks that
resembled a raging Storm poured out in
an instant and this kind of terrifying
energy
fluctuation even the Heaven's Destiny
Shu you and other Supreme Heavenly
Prides couldn't help but be moved by it
previously when the crowd attacked luu
they were restricted by the rule that
the heaven Pride battle couldn't be
joined together and at most a few
several went
together however at this moment luu was
charging many Heavenly Prides directly
attacking with hundreds even thousands
of attacks it's a concept that can be
quite different quantitative changes
cause qualitative
changes this human brat he's really
crazy Heaven's Destiny sneered I was
planning to make a move to finish you
off but I didn't expect you to send
yourself to death a little Marshall
saint of the human race this is
something you can't think of shuu's
beautiful eyes were filled with shock
nope hijack frowned he's not dead this
isn't even dead the flesh is so strong
yuyuan was a bit
surprised this little guy is crazy tyu
couldn't help but Marvel in the center
of a chaotic
Battlefield luu was drenched in blood
but his breath was getting stronger and
his eyes were getting
good very good that's it the two steps
of precipitation and integration have
already been taken and are only awaiting
the final
sublimation one more step to go then one
more time however just then finally
there was a supreme Heavenly Pride that
couldn't help but make a move there was
no way around it luu's 13,000 points
were were just too fragrant Buzz
Majestic
Fields Sweeping in an ancient Bell that
appeared above the sky and on top of
that ancient clock sat a youth as the
space around them rapidly
transformed the many foreign races
Prides all changed color and retreated
backward it's him the lizard Dragon
Clan's first Heavenly Pride moang of the
lizard Dragon Clan a super expert at the
peak of domain six and about to step
into domain 7 this Heaven remarks battle
at least the absolute Heavenly Pride
that can rank in the top 10 damn it to
actually strike at this time intending
to pick a peach above the ancient Bell
yuwang was expressionless as he spoke
faintly idle people all get out of the
way this little guy is this seats prey
prey
hearing this luu nonchalantly asked back
just by virtue of you you deserve to see
me as prey I thought who was coming such
a big battle but after half a day it's
only a domain sixth level what a spoiler
yuang narrowed his eyes slightly and
said faintly at a young age sharp teeth
and sharp mouth when Lou you heard this
he just smiled
he glanced in the distance at the sun
Clan tyin Clan blood moon Clan chaos
ancient Clan and other powerful Clans
and the aura of the Heavenly Pride
captains of those powerful Clans was
clearly more threatening they weren't
even going to make a move after being so
arrogant themselves that's so
condescending from beginning to end it
seemed that they did not place luu in
their eyes at all
and they were all wary of each other
even if luu's sword had beheaded the
sunclan second Heavenly Pride that sun
Clan's first Heavenly Pride would have
been able to hold back from making a
move this guy is really
tolerant where are you looking yuwang
frowned and asked with some
irritation you are domain six and the
few over there they should be domain
seven or even domain 8 luu asked with a
smile they hold their own identity and
are unwilling to get off the field from
start to finish but you jumped out in a
hurry does this mean that you are
inferior to others as soon as these
words came out Yu hang's face became
extremely ugly as the saying goes a lie
never hurts the truth is the fastest
knife luu's words directly poked at his
sore spot in terms of strength he could
squeeze into the top 10 but compared to
the first echelon's Heaven's Destiny
shuu and other Supreme Prides he was
naturally slightly
inferior it's really inferior to others
only the effect of saying this on your
own can be completely different from
someone else saying it what a lot of
nonsense Yu hang snorted coldly then
without any more
nonsense he directly clenched his fist
and flicked it up Buzz Dash the
melodious sound of an ancient Bell
instantly filled the entire domain this
is a special kind of Sonic attack
similar to The Great Sun domain of the
sunclan Heavenly Pride floating light it
was a Surefire attack as long as it was
within the field it could not be dodged
or avoided at this moment when luu heard
this melodious bell sound he was dizzy
and his body Shook and almost felt down
directly without stabilizing himself Hof
seeing this yuang smiled faintly but
that's just it sure even so he still
wasn't the least bit
careless after all there was a foretaste
of the sunclan floating light to take
advantage of the field and utilize it to
its fullest extent before saying
anything UAV Wang clenched his fists
once again and with each raise the
ancient bell rang under the sound of one
malif fluous Bell after another luu's
figure continued to shake and eventually
could not stabilize his body and fell
directly to the ground not moving for a
long time it seems to have fallen into a
fainting spell after all if one dies one
should be eliminated from the game
outright seeing this scene y Wang smiled
faintly his complexion filled with
contempt as he said lightly what can you
do if your flesh is strong this ancient
Bell domain of mine the main attack is
the one that directly targets the spirit
and soul it just happens to restrain you
The Reckless man who practiced the flesh
body and practiced the way of the flesh
body it's so easy it's over seeing this
scene woo
wow by you Jing and the others finally
couldn't help themselves and immediately
rushed over to help even though luu had
already explained before this that he
didn't have to come to his aid until he
broke through the fifth realm but the
problem was as a teammate how could one
Stand By and Watch Leu get
killed however the lizard dragon races
Heavenly Pride Squad who had been on
guard saw a few people rushing over and
did not hesitate to come over to block
them want to go over there and back it
up go through them first you humans have
teammates but we lizard dragons don't
when they were directly stopped by the
lizard Dragon Clan's Heavenly Pride woo
wooi by youu Jing and the others
immediately furrowed their brows not
good not good not to mention whether or
not it can be one even if we could win
the fight it wouldn't be over anytime
soon and then we wouldn't be able to go
over and help the
situation it seems has entered a dead
end chapter 184 double
breakthrough little luu BYU Jing's face
was ugly he looked at luu in the
distance and couldn't help but bite his
lip how should this be finished Sia
frowned and let out a bitter laugh my
little Captain you've played it off this
10,000 Clan's Heavenly pride has too
many tricks up its sleeve it's really
impossible to defend against we have to
find a way to get wooo enemy to support
us over there gawan and the others
immediately made a decision at this
moment the only way to salvage the
situation was to have the second
strongest woo woo siia stand out and go
to luu's Aid
Captain Captain wooo siia looked at luu
in the distance for a moment the heart
raced good Split Second decision by the
crowd let the strongest one stand out
and go to luu's Aid in this way there
may be a hint of a flip-flop possible
nah plans are plans and reality is
reality the lizard Dragon Clans Heaven
Pride Squad was strong not inferior to
at all trying to break through in a
short period of time was simply
impossible in that case there's only one
thing to do wuu siia eyes gradually
became determined breaking through to
the fifth level of the domain the only
way to break through to the fifth level
of the domain only then can we save the
captain from the fire Wu's eyes were red
his domain covered and he kept fighting
in close quarters charging desperately
at this critical juncture it actually
did allow him to have an
epiphany gradually stepping into the
fifth level of the domain it's done it's
done Wu Sia's face was filled with
ecstasy this is the fifth level of the
domain Nah when he broke through to the
fifth level of the domain time seems to
be running out Moon brilliant who was
far away had struck out to kill no dash
woo Wy glared human
communities all the viewers saw the
scene the heart was in his throat luu is
about to be subdued out of the game it
was the last scene they wanted to see in
the meantime the universe's 10,000 races
and countless Spectators couldn't help
but laugh out loud when they saw the
scene let you be so arrogant
if your physical body is strong you'll
use a spiritual attack let's see how you
can defend against it kill him it's
over however just then a sudden change
occurred in the expectant gaze of the
10,000 tribes audience when yuang came a
little closer and was ready to strike to
kill luu
luu who was originally lying on the
ground and seemed to have fallen into a
coma finally grabbed this
opportunity suddenly stormed up he
showed no signs of being affected at all
and attacked directly Paul returned to
the ruins the speed of the sword was too
fast and when the sword light struck yui
Wang visibly froze for a moment with a
look of dismay on his face the only
thought in his mind was how could that
be yuan's reaction was quick as he
violently retreated violently but even
so an arm was still cut off if it was
not for the previous caution even if luu
was
unconscious he did not dare to directly
get close to him and only attacked from
a little farther away then at this
moment the loss would not only be an arm
but a small life ah Yu Wang screamed
miserably and turned around to run while
urging the big Bell to continue
launching attacks Buzz Dash how however
this time luu actually only frowned and
sced before continuing to kill in the
depths of his Sea Of
Consciousness an a order absolute
treasure the Tao Heavenly Dipper Soul
suppressor Stone was slowly operating
shielding most of the spiritual attacks
outside this was a treasure that luu had
obtained earlier in his life when luu
did a quest the effect is
straightforward it can effectively
protect the wearer's Divine soul and Sea
Of
Consciousness in this world a defense
that could protect the soul could be
considered incomparably precious a few
points more precious than a normal
Supreme treasure Lu U's Marshall St old
man although he had also given a similar
secret treasure the effect was not at
all comparable to this ta Cho Heavenly
Dipper Soul suppressor Stone under the
effect of this treasure Moon Brilliance
attack from this ancient Bell domain was
drastically weakened
 mang fled in haste and instantly
understood the cause luu was the son of
a marshall saint of the human race and
it was not surprising that he had
Treasures that could protect his soul
but after all he was a domain sixth
level Powerhouse or the peak of the
sixth level and his strength was
extraordinary in addition to attacks
against the spirit and soul this ancient
B domain
naturally also had attacks against the
physical body yuang raised his hand
violently and in the sky above the realm
large black Bells immediately appeared
and they all smashed towards luu luu was
not the least bit afraid and did not
give Moon hang a chance to catch his
breath at all this opportunity is too
rare the opposite side was a Heavenly
Pride at the peak of the sixth level of
the domain and it would be quite tricky
if he kept kiing luu would end up
winning even if he won it would be a
disastrous victory at that time it would
be very very dangerous to then face the
10,000 Clans Heavenly Pride as well as
those few Supreme Heavenly Pride
therefore this battle must be fought
quickly he swung his sword out again
pull sword prison Dang Dang Dang Dang
compc attacks from the large black Bells
were blocked by the sword prison kill
without the slightest hesitation luu
slashed out another sword Paul returned
to the ruins take advantage of your
illness uat Wang could not cry he
totally did not expect to meet such a
pervert and at this moment he already
somewhat regretted standing out P
another arm of Moon brilliant was sliced
off and with the advantage of his domain
he fled once again die luu followed
closely behind swinging his sword and
slashing again Yu hang stared in horror
he would never be willing to be
eliminated like this knowing that with
his original strength he would at least
be able to kill his way into the top 10
of the 10,000 racist Heavens Pride
battle yet now to be eliminated at the
first hurdle no way absolutely not his
pride would never allow such a thing the
humiliation came like a tidal wave at
this moment of life and death past
memories flashed before his eyes like a
walking Lantern the aura flickered Moon
Hanan grabbed it in one hand his eyes
were wide with
Madness I am
enlightened I am
enlightened so it was so it is
haa this is the seventh level of the
domain yuang was ecstatic as he raised
his head violently and his entire domain
gradually transformed into a large
translucent Bell luu's deadly sword was
actually blocked directly on the
battlefield the situation was reversed
luu who was originally ferociously
pursuing the attack was restricted by
this large translucent Bell and his
movements became exceptionally slow for
a moment Lui was a bit surprised that
this guy actually broke through on the
verge under his own
stimulation but when you think about it
it's
normal after all this U Juan was the
absolute pride of a powerful race was he
not an easy man to deal with if it was
really a bunch of dirt dogs then the
pride of the 10,000 in this universe
would all be a joke
obviously this kind of absolute Heavenly
Pride was definitely not simple Yu Juan
who was still panick just now gradually
regained his calmness on his face as he
narrowed his eyes and looked at luu
saying without any
complacency I really didn't expect that
you would have so many tricks up your
sleeve to force me to the end of the
mountain forcing me to break through to
the seventh level of the
domain however ever without you it would
have been absolutely impossible for me
to break through to the seventh level of
the domain chopping off two of my arms
you're proud enough I'll remember you
little human chapter 185 what does it
mean to be Invincible in the same realm
tactical backward movement beyond the
center of the
battlefield the pride of the 10,000
races looked at this scene in
Surprise this Moon hang he actually
broke through at the last minute but it
seems normal after all he was originally
at the peak of the sixth level and was
only one last point away from the
seventh level it was not unusual for
such a supreme Heavenly Pride to break
through to the seventh level in a life
and death situation the battle is coming
to an end Heaven's Destiny said
indifferently it looks like these 13,000
points are going to fall into his hands
no sh you looked at luu in the
battlefield and saw that his face was
still calm he couldn't help but raise
his
eyebrows things don't seem to be that
simple this battle isn't over yet this
little fellow of the human race seems to
have an
undercurrent hijack whispered softly
whom what's his bottom card a
breakthrough to the fifth realm Oz
frowned even if you break through to the
fifth realm I'm afraid it will be hard
to overturn the
situation right Tai Su said
indifferently breaking through from the
fourth realm to the fifth realm will
indeed result in some increase in
strength but it's not a qualitative
increase yuyuan narrowed his eyes
slightly staring intently at luu in the
center of the
battlefield even if he breaks through to
the fifth realm it's still impossible
for him to turn the tables
the seventh level of the domain this is
a whole new level this is not the same
as the front at all in the midst of the
battlefield the plot peaked and then
peaked again a sense of powerlessness
arose when wuu saw the scene against the
sixth level of the domain he could still
help but this seventh level of the
domain it was too simple to suppress him
but even so
even so he still has to strike Captain
I'll help you wo shouted and was about
to join the
battlefield the big deal about this trip
is death but it was just
eliminated however just at this moment a
sudden change occurred Wu's movement
stalled no big brother he in the field
of the ancient Bell
facing Moon Brilliance top down gaze
luu's face remained calm he slowly
closed his eyes then opened them again
the battle intent in his eyes was like
fire until this moment facing the
seventh level of the domain finally made
him feel a little pressure that's right
that's it without this pressure to urge
him on it really wouldn't be good enough
to complete the final step of
sublimation and break through to the
fifth realm you Yu Wong smiled
contemptuously you want to break through
too even if you break through what can
you do it's just an increase in realm
slightly more Chi and energy can it
defeat my seven-fold domain luu smiled
faintly and didn't argue his Aura
gradually Rising was taking the final
step at this instant
yuang suddenly felt a hint of something
wrong luu's breakthrough didn't seem
that simple no
hesitation he made a direct move to
strangle luu before he could make a
breakthrough pity still late in just one
breath luu had already stepped into the
fifth Realm of the Marshall da the
golden body realm he took this final
step after all prior to this the
Thousand inscriptions that luu had
mastered were like ruthless floating
weeds that did not bring out their full
power however at this moment these
inscriptions surrounded the
circumference and quickly disappeared
into luu's body and the original Power
of these inscriptions was fully
energized change and not only that along
with The Disappearance of these
inscriptions it was as if a stone had
been thrown into a calm lake immediately
stirring up countless Ripples and
causing unexpected ch changes these
thousand inscriptions are like the key
that opens the door to the world of
inscriptions once the gate opened
countless inscriptions poured out
instantly occupying luu's body these
inscriptions cheering him on in
celebration of him and becoming his
temporary booster is this a breakthrough
Vision as the son of a martial Saint luu
was considered to have have seen a lot
he knew very well that when breaking
through to a certain realm it would
produce the vision of extreme
sublimation for example Marshall King
realm Marshall Emperor realm and
Marshall Saint realm breaking through to
all three Realms would produce different
levels of Visions but no one had yet
been heard of who just by breaking
through to the fifth Realm of the
district had produced a vision
odd it's too weird although it was
strange luu was in a very good mood as
he felt the terrifying number of
inscriptions look and see what it means
to be Invincible in the same realm
tactical backward movement isn't it
normal to be a little bullish since
you're all turned on the
moment with those countless inscriptions
appearing the terrifying Aura spread
unchecked and the Majestic Aura was like
a mountain or a sea the powerful
bindings of the translucent ancient Bell
field instantly
dissipated Moon Brilliance attack
striking dis oce of
inscriptions was like a breeze on the
face without the slightest effect my
attack mun hang was stunned the party's
attack had no effect at all it was a
little difficult for him to understand
for a moment just breaking through to
the fifth realm why was there such a big
change
general for them the Supreme celestials
who had mastered the realm early on this
advancement of the realm was just an
increase in energy and it didn't do much
for the increase in strength it was the
comprehension and advancement of the
domain that was the qualitative
Improvement this was also the reason why
he was very calm and collected after he
had elevated to the seventh level of the
domain he's got too big a lead but now
luu had only broken through to the fifth
realm and it actually made him feel
threatened this how is that possible it
was just a pre-existing realm
enhancement on what basis could it fight
against his own Sevenfold realm what
does the seven-fold field mean this has
stepped into the stage of great
fulfillment of the field the way of the
realm one
initiation for
proficiencies seven Great
accomplishments and nine
Perfections it's every important little
stage inside the big stage of the field
like what wua did breaking through from
the fourth to the fifth level although
it had a certain increase in strength it
wasn't considered a qualitative leap
therefore even if wua had broken through
to the fifth level a sense of
powerlessness inevitably arose in his
heart when he was facing yuang who was
at the seventh level of the domain it's
safe to say when Yu hang stepped into
the seventh level of the domain it meant
that he had truly stepped into the first
Echelon of the heaven Pride battle this
was the reason why yuang had always felt
victorious in his opinion even if Lu you
broke through to the fifth realm it
wouldn't change anything but now at the
moment something doesn't seem right
about the situation
without the slightest
hesitation mun hang quickly
retreated that's what you're afraid of
luu raised his head and looked at yuang
who kept retreating and couldn't help
but tease you've broken through the
seventh level of the domain what are you
still afraid of come on come over here
and get in a fight let's see whether
you're the one who broke through to the
seventh level of the realm is powerful
or I'm the one who broke through through
to the fifth
realm however mang acted as if he hadn't
heard and was still rapidly pulling away
in his opinion as long as he distanced
himself enough from this fleshly
invincible monster then he would have a
chance of winning I'm at the seventh
level of the domain the advantage is
mine seeing this luu shook his head
slightly then took out the bow behind
his back the bow was like a full moon
and the invisible arrows quickly
coalesced at the same time countless
inscriptions were gradually integrated
into the arrow body the original
formless Arrow had turned into an
inscribed Arrow at this moment chapter
186 does it really have the Elegance of
the human Marshall Sage back then the
name of this arrow is godslayer Arrow
luu narrowed his eyes and quickly locked
onto Moon brilliant who kept retreating
turning inscriptions into means of
attack this move luu had seen it on the
Guardians of the blue star University's
trial mystery realm at that time his
inscription detached from the Dharma
body quickly coalesced into a black
lance The Keeper of the past called it
the king slayer's Lance at that time luu
still knew little about it and couldn't
learn it even if he wanted to at this
moment there was a sudden
realization so he used it in a decent
manner with the inscription integrated
into the arrow body the power of this
Arrow was
terrifying before the arrow even left
the string Yu hang felt bad the scalp
felt like it was exploding he still has
long range means yuang was
alarmed at this moment although he had
mastered the seventh level of the domain
his strength aspect had
skyrocketed however he was actually not
in a good State having been chopped off
two arms by luu
successively it was simply difficult to
recover in a short period of time if he
was given some time to recover to his
full strength with the seventh level of
the domain he would still have the power
to fight but luu obviously wouldn't give
him another chance after a complete
lockdown fingers released bow string
back down few Dash
the arrow of inscription instantly
scurried out as a stream of light
cutting through the air in a brilliant
Ray in just an instant it chased after
Moon brilliant yuang desperately
resisted the invisible Golden Bell
protecting his body only to hear a dang
a sound the Golden Bell shattered U
awan's body shook violently and although
he was not killed by an arrow he could
not help but spit out blood without the
slightest hesitation luu pulled back the
bow string once again Captain seeing
this scene the lizard Dragon Clan's
Pride was anxious no one expected that
but in the blink of an eye the situation
on the field reversed and then reversed
again even though the captain had broken
through to the seventh level of the
domain he was surprisingly still
undefeated against this human race
little Marshall Saint there was no
hesitation they wanted to come over for
support
haaha nice try wua laughed and turned
straight back to stop it just now it was
the lizard Dragon Clan's Heavenly Pride
that prevented them from
assisting now the situation is
completely reversed he had pulled a few
arrows to seriously injure Yu Wang
before finding the right opportunity to
directly kill this supreme Celestial
Pride on the spot with a single sword
strike luu's strikes could be described
as fast accurate and ruthless a Heavenly
Pride of the seventh level of the domain
died just like that this scene caused
the 10,000 rac's Heavenly Pride to
tremble with fear no one was expecting
it munang had broken through to the
seventh level of the domain and was
still
slaughtered
Fierce this little Marshall saint of the
human race was just too
ferocious it's over luu was slightly
relieved this battle was pretty close
the good news is that overall it went
well and everything went according to
plan the only thing that surprised him
was that breaking through to the fifth
realm had triggered a vision after
killing Moon brilliant luu raised his
sword and looked around at the
surrounding
celestials the look couldn't have been
more blunt who else with this kind of
power The Pride of all the races will
not avoid its sharpness the earlier
Covetous greedy gazes had all turned
into fear at this moment one by one they
all averted their gazes and lowered
their lofty heads the moment luu was
considered to have truly suppressed the
Heavenly Pride of the 10,000 races of
the
universe of course there are a few
exceptions the sun Clan's absolute Pride
Heaven's destiny
couldn't help but stare at Lu you with
wide eyes and
astonishment just breaking through the
fifth realm how can the image he saw in
his golden eyes was something else ever
since luu had broken through to the
fifth realm countless
inscriptions invisible to the naked eye
surrounded luu's body almost forming a
kind of inscription domain and not far
away the cold light in shu's eyes
flickered as she also saw the scene the
shock on her face was barely concealed a
vision what kind of joke is this just
breaking through to the fifth realm and
there's actually a vision
normally at the very least some Visions
would be born only after breaking
through from the seventh realm to the
eighth realm stepping from domains to
Worlds and shifting from inscriptions to
rules but now luu had only broken
through from the four realm to the fifth
realm and a vision had appeared which
was really not
normal why why would there be a
qualitative Improvement even if you
simply raise your realm Yu Yuan was more
than a little
incredulous a living planet in a vast
Universe between major
starfields the many Spectators of the
alien race were horrified when they saw
this scene that was a supreme Heavenly
Pride of the seventh level of the domain
and he was chopped up just like that he
even used his own power to shock the
10,000 tribes Heavenly Pride making all
of them no longer dare to come forward
nice guy it really has the style of the
human martial arts sing back then in the
meantime human
communities The Spectators from all the
major planets raised their arms and
cheered all the spectators who stayed up
late to watch the game were excited at
the moment
magnificent Mighty 10,000 Heavenly Pride
little Marshall Sage cowp Pi the 10,000
races Heavens Pride War the final
Battlefield l u who was located in the
center of the
battlefield no longer had the heart to
fight with the Breakthrough to the fifth
realm he had entered a marvelous state
it felt like swimming in an ocean of
inscriptions until this moment
he didn't understand why someone could
carve out hundreds of millions of
inscriptions the stone tablet in the
tower of reincarnation with a huge
number of inscriptions turned out to be
from this luu swept a glance at a short
distance away and those few great Prides
of the powerful clans were looking at
him in Surprise still without the
intention of making a move since this
was the case there was no other threat
in this
battlefield after luu returned to the
team he opened his mouth and said find a
corner of the
battlefield I need to Enlighten myself
for a moment or two you guys help me
watch over it when wuu and the others
heard this they were slightly
stunned then they
agreed yes no problem leave it to us Lu
you no longer hesitated and immediately
sat down to Enlighten himself he knew
very well that the Visions would
definitely not exist for too long that
being the case it's important to take a
good look at it right now he was barely
able to squeeze into the first Echelon
of the 10,000 races Heavens Pride battle
but it was still very very difficult for
him to take the first place and capture
the largest wisp of civilization's flame
the only reason why Fawn was able to
easily decapitate yuang was because he
was severely injured and in an unstable
State plus he had just made a
breakthrough and was not yet able to
skillfully master the seventh level of
the domain
luu on the other hand was able to use
the power of the vision after the
Breakthrough before he appeared to be
able to easily and comfortably kill them
with his hands if they waited for munang
to return to his full strength it would
definitely be a bloody battle so even
after breaking through to the fifth
realm one still could not take the enemy
lightly much less feel outright
Invincible otherwise it will inevitably
lead to a crushing defeat got to guard
against arrogance and move forward it's
the only way to continue to get stronger
in the meantime reverse entropy
mysterious realm in a mysterious space
look at the scene in front of you even
that mysterious black robe reverse
entropy Envoy revealed a look of
surprise at this moment ha Lu Chang
Shang smiled faintly and said
indifferently I have delved into
countless secret Realms and visited the
civilizations of many
reincarnations once on a stone tablet at
a certain Relic I read a statement to
that effect in addition to breaking
through the eighth ninth and 10th Realms
that will produce a vision there is
another method where a vision can appear
that is before the golden body is forged
and the Dharma body is formed m
mastering a thousand inscriptions and
gradually integrating them into the
physical body when one breaks through to
the fifth realm one will have visions
and see a whole new world now what do
you think of this son of mine chapter
187 the biggest flame of civilization
ever the reverse entropy Envoy couldn't
help but be dumbfounded when he heard
this it was only after a long time that
he slowly opened his mouth and said I
was the one who underestimated him
the current him should be able to enter
the top five or so oh when Li Chang xang
heard this he just faintly answered
that's already high enough to think
highly of him the reverse entropy Envoy
heard Lu changings meaning as he laughed
and said the shua you and hijack from
those six Heavenly Prides or existences
at the eighth level of the realm second
only to you back then the others they
are also at the peak of the seventh
level of the domain
you should know clearly just how
difficult it is to comprehend the
domains that can only be controlled by
the seventh realm to the seventh and
eighth Realms during the fifth realm
period all the races of the universe
trillions of the five Realms have come
to this 100 000000 Heavenly pride and
out of these 100 0000 Heavenly Prides
there were only a few absolute Heavenly
Prides who mastered the seventh and
eighth levels of the domain one of them
just broke through and was slaughtered
by your son he's already very good but
unless he can go high again in a short
period of time there's no way he'll get
first place these words from the reverse
entropy Envoy could be said to be
justified and it is true luu had become
stronger but there was still a long way
to go before he got first place unless
in a short period of time it surges
forward again Lu Chang xang heard this
and said without moving it's not
impossible oh hearing those four words
the reverse entropy Envoy turned his
head to look at luu in the final
Battlefield again then I will continue
to look forward to it if he does get
first place I'll share with him within
my authority the largest strand of
civilizations fire ever when these words
came out Lu Chang xang smiled faint
that's what you said the reverse entropy
Envoy nodded indicating that he would
not go back on his word Lu changing
turned his head to look at luu in the
picture seeing that he was not arrogant
and continued to Enlighten himself he
could not help but not his head well
keep practicing keep getting stronger
that has a chance if he could get the
largest strand of civilization fire ever
it would be a great benefit both for luu
and for the entire human race 10,000
Clans Heavens Pride battle that final
Battlefield the battle has entered its
second phase an unbelievably crazy melee
on the battlefield of less than a th000
square
kilometers 100 0000 Heavenly Prides one
after another displayed their own means
different forms of dar arm a heaven and
Earth Strange and bizarre domains
colliding and fighting with each other
boom boom boom boom boom terrifying
explosions were heard one after another
one after another The Majestic energy
fluctuations made one scalp numb every
moment there were countless Celestial
Pride transformed into Shadows
eliminated from the game this scene is
spectacular compared to the super melee
at this moment luu's battle against the
10,000 races Celestial Pride earlier
could only be considered an appetizer at
best now that's a really big show in the
corner of the battlefield
wooi s Cliff
gaan by yujing and the others were
looking around
vigilantly performing the task of
protecting luu's enlightenment
at this moment this final Battlefield
was just too chaotic almost all of the
heaven Pride squads were attacking each
other and the situation was completely
messed up woo wow D and others saw this
situation can be said to be
heartbreaking do not dare to guarantee
that can complete the protection of the
road task can only say that the best
efforts to complete but
gradually they realized that something
seemed wrong with with the
situation things were the opposite of
what they expected it wasn't that they
were doing their best to protect
luu rather they relied on luu's Hefty
reputation to stay here safely and watch
the show those foreign race celestials
didn't even dare to attack this site or
even come close the battlefield in the
distance fought a hot battle countless
foreign tribal Prides fought and killed
but they are here like a paradise a
quiet and peaceful
extinct
wooo
sya gaan and the others looked at each
other in dismay not expecting things to
go in this
direction however it was right when one
thought about it after all luu had
previously killed a heck of a lot of
people and shocked the 10,000 Clan's
Heavenly Pride if it were not for that
there would be no quiet and peace at
this moment these foreign races heavenly
Pride even if they were crazy and greedy
they wouldn't dare to rush over and send
themselves to their deaths look guys
that seems to be the seventh level of
the domain byuing suddenly saw something
pointing at the distant Sun domain and
couldn't help but open his mouth that's
the sun Clan's absolute Pride the number
one expert his name is Heaven's Destiny
Woo's eyes lit up as he spoke ear
earlier Captain luu decapitated the
sunclan second pride and he actually
didn't make a move gawan said with some
surprise normal woo wooi smiled and
nodded Legend has it that the tyin
Clan's absolute pride
shuu has already mastered the eighth
level of the domain the strength is even
more
terrifying if this Heaven's Destiny goes
down and fights with our captain and
exposes some of his cars
then the tyin clan shua will definitely
strike it is precisely the casting of a
rat that he dares not strike easily
listening to Woo Woo's
explanation Goan then came to a
realization and understood the reason so
that's it no wonder this is considered a
boring
loss yes wo Wy nodded those few absolute
Heavenly Prides they are actually all in
the same situation
wary of each other not daring to strike
easily not wanting to expose their own
cards if those few absolute Heavenly
Prides go down it will be very difficult
for our captain to break through the
battle good thing it still succeeded and
it even killed a domain seventh level
even if it was them I'm afraid they were
all shocked Fon luu's intimidation of
the 10,000 races of the universe was
tantamount to take taking chestnuts out
of the fire and there was no need to
mention the risk it's a complete gamble
bet he breaks through it was a gamble
that he could withstand the alliance of
the 10,000 Clan's Heavenly Pride
gambling that those few Supreme
celestials wouldn't go down easily one
wrong move and you may lose the whole
game good on Lu you still had the last
laugh the glory of this moment shall be
his wooo siia glanced at luu who was in
the middle of his
Enlightenment and his expression was
filled with
admiration in the
meantime Chang XI s Yen Gaia Juan in
choping and AO
hongan on the other hand didn't chat
idly and focused on the incomparably
chaotic Battlefield in the chaotic
Battlefield the 10,000 racist Celestial
Pride all brought out their skills
these foreign celestials were mostly
Dharma phases Dharma phase void Dharma
phase minor Dharma phase major and
Dharma Heaven and Earth as for those who
could control a domain even if it was a
domain
fledgling it wasn't a rare site don't
look at Chang XI
sunen Gaia Juan in choping AOH hongan
five people just mastering the domain
fledgling not even entering the real
domain one in fact placed in the 100
0000 Heavenly Prides it has already been
considered the upper level that's normal
after all the domain was a skill of a
seventh realm
Grandmaster and it was naturally
difficult to comprehend and master it in
advance at the fifth realm only a
Heavenly Pride among Heavenly Prides
could could have made it this far as for
those absolute Heavenly Prides at the
seventh and eighth levels of the domain
they were absolute Monsters of talent
originally there was no one in this term
of the human Race's Heavenly Pride who
could compete with these few absolute
Heavenly Pride even if wua broke through
during the battle he was still only at
the fifth level of the domain and the
Gap was still not small but the good
thing was there was now one more luu the
little Marshall saint of the human race
chapter 188 advancing to the fourth
level obtaining the nine Leaf Spirit
pill and the moonflow slurry liquid as
the minutes ticked by the bloody and
brutal melee soon came to an end the
successive battles shattered the Earth
of the final
Battlefield magma erupted seawater
poured in and torrential rain fell from
the sky interspersed with hail
Stones as the fighting continued the
climate became extremely harsh even so
the fighting still didn't stop until the
universe 10,000 races Heavens Pride
Squad when there were only a thousand
teams left that's the end of the first
level at this moment a prompt appeared
before the eyes of all the celestial
Pride the first level of the 10,000
Clans Heavenly Pride battle ends here
the many contestants who still survive
receive tickets to the next level other
than that the Manifest Destiny of the
sun Community the solstice of the tyin
community the hijacking of the blood
moon Clan chaos ancient clans tyu yuyuan
of the Holy Ghost Community OSS of the
star God Community L you of the human
race in view of the strength of these
seven
contestants who surpassed the other
contestants by too much they
automatically skipped the second and
third hurdles and entered the fourth or
final hurdle stage in advance to gain a
seat in the battle of the
16 the second level hadn't even started
yet and the seats for the top 16 battles
in the fourth level were occupied by
seven seats when this news came out the
pride of each Clan reacted differently
many of the face celestials felt that
this was really unfair why should they
be allowed to advance early and directly
skip the second and third
hurdles however more of the face
celestials felt that this was simply too
Fair they were so strong that if they
were allowed to participate in the
second and third levels it would be pure
and simple frying of fish with
absolutely no suspense
whatsoever it was better to let them
advance to the final battle stage now
instead or at least the probability of
advancing themselves would be higher
countless murmurs Lu U who had ended his
Enlightenment opened his eyes just in
time to see this scene and said with
some surprise it can still be like this
in that case the mission sure enough
next the completion prompt for the
system Quest appeared stage two Mission
kill the finalists and enter the main
stage
completed Mission reward 9
Elixir already issued stage three
Mission make a name for yourself in the
main competition and enter the top 16 of
the 10,000 clans of heavenly Pride
Mission reward lunar flow plasma has
been issued L you couldn't help but
blink not expecting such a surprise at
all
originally I was thinking that I would
have to keep fighting to get these two
rewards who would have thought that it
would be a direct step since this was
the case
there was only the last stage of the
mission to ascend to the first place of
the 10,000 races Heavens pride and
obtain the champion of the heavens Pride
battle fighting for the human race to
obtain the greatest Ray of
civilization's flame you only need to
complete this quest to get the final
stage Quest reward the thay purple gold
pill the rewards of the previous few
quests although good we definitely
inferior compared to the rewards of this
final stage that's the way it is with
system quests the harder the quest the
better the reward will be speaking of
which what would be the effect of this
nleaf Spirit pill in lunar flow syrup
liquid thinking this way Lou you
hurriedly scaned the details of the two
Mission rewards this time nine Leaf
Elixir rank eighth quality perfect type
consumable effects after taking it it
can drastically increase the strength of
the essence blood in the body causing it
to improve in all aspects making it more
compatible with inscriptions in
gradually giving birth to spirituality
from the essence blood thus continuously
nourishing the physical body this is the
extreme stage of the blood
transformation realm description nine
Leaf continuous stem Ganoderma grass
native to the great luo heaven in front
of the Hall of spiritual void the the
nine Leaf Elixir made from this is a
superb Elixir used for blood exchange
just by scanning the information of the
nleaf spirit pill luu's eyes lit up sure
enough it was just as he had guessed the
Jade bone pill that he had previously
obtained had catalyzed the root bones to
the extreme saving luu a lot of time the
five impregnated Spirit pill obtained
afterward strengthened the five viscera
to the extreme again saving luu a lot of
time
now this nleaf Spirit pill was also a
precious medicine that pushed the blood
transformation realm to the Limit stage
today luu was so focused on killing
monsters and upgrading that he didn't
have the time to polish it in detail not
to mention raising spirituality from the
essence blood so naturally he couldn't
go to the theoretical limit stage of the
blood transformation
realm however the appearance of this
nine Leaf Spirit pill made up for luu's
shortcomings in this realm
since then the roots are bound to be
more perfect good good stuff luu didn't
think much about it and hurriedly
glanced at the effects of the moonflow
slurry lunar syrup rank eth quality
perfect type
consumable effect after taking it it can
greatly enhance the strength of the
golden body raising the upper limit of
the golden body to the theoretical nine
turns description the Moonlight contains
the emperor flow pulp the shape of which
is like 10,000 Golden Threads hanging
down to earth grasses and trees can
become demons if they are subjected to
it and foxes and ghosts can manifest
magical powers if they eat it the lunar
stream syrup liquid refined from it is
extremely beneficial to the refining of
the golden body after reading the
description of the effects of the lunar
streaming syrup Lou us eyes were filled
with joy nine turns of the golden body
this was the fifth realm of martial arts
the golden body realm the theoretical
limit most of the martial artists with
decent qualifications just cultivated
into the fifth and sixth Revolutions of
the golden body and reached their limits
having to transform into Dharma bodies
in order to go further only some of the
top Heavenly Prides could cultivate to
the seventh and eighth
revolutions those who cated to the
theoretical limit of the nine turns of
the golden body were even more rare even
Marshall pierless was only an eight turn
golden body it wasn't that he didn't
want to cultivate to the ninth turn it
was really that he couldn't proceed any
further than the eighth turn what is
important to realize is that with one
less turn in the golden body there will
also be one less layer in the Dharma
body after this it's more of a step down
and a step up if the foundation was not
extreme enough even if you were to be
sealed as a king and become an emperor
at a later stage you would still be
destined to be a great deal worse than
others this was how some very vain
Marshall Kings who had been reverse fell
by great Masters came to be just as luu
was pondering all this
wooo
sya
gaan bayu Jing and the others on the
side also saw the briefing and
subconsciously looked at Lou
seeing that his face was filled with joy
he thought that luu was happy about the
early
advancement Captain
congratulations congratulations on the
early
advancement it's straight to the final
level the battle of the
16 congratulations Captain the captain
is amazing the crowd congratulated and
envy was palpable there was no one who
was jealous because this was what luu
deserved
previously luu had killed a supreme
Heavenly Pride at the seventh level of
the domain shocking all the races in the
universe and this battle performance was
truly
terrifying advancing to the final battle
stage in advance was conversely a
protection mechanism for the other
Heavenly Prides the so-called jealousy
often only arises when the Gap is not
too big and once the Gap is too big then
there is only pure envy and admiration
soon with the specific news of this
promotion it was spread to the 10,000
races of the
universe amongst the major races no
doubt about it it caused a direct uproar
chapter 189 a sudden change in style
when it comes to him as the first level
of the 10,000 Clans Heavens Pride battle
ended some people are happy and some
people are sad among them the one that
attracted the most attention was that
those seven Great Prides Advanced ahead
of schedule directly skipping the second
and third levels and coming to the
fourth level locking up seven seats in
the top 16 battle to be treated so
favorably to be so special was enough to
prove the terror of their strength if
there were no accidents the champion of
this 10,000 Clans Heavens Pride battle
should be decided from among them these
seven great pride not only the human
community within a variety of
discussions but also by the universe of
all Races countless beings used to Crazy
discussion for the melon eating group
the most favorite thing to do is to
argue in order to verify these seven
Great Heavenly Prides who would actually
win the
championship countless beings among the
major star domains could be said to be
quarreling the heat is simply off the
charts but the the most popular Heavenly
Pride among them belonged to the human
Race's luu as the other six were all
painted in a very normal style each and
every one of them had cultivated for
more than 10 or 20 years and had
mastered the seventh level of the domain
or even the eighth level of the domain
during the fifth realm period it's
basically not that different except for
the different fields only luu is
different the picture changes abruptly
when it comes to him
he's actually 4 years old this year
cultivation is even only 2 years old
this information simply should not be
outrageous all the foreigners who saw
luu's detailed information were all
jaw-dropped and couldn't believe their
eyes for a moment unlike the path taken
by the other six Celestial Pride luu
took the path of Flesh becoming a saint
and the Dharma phase did not expand into
a domain but rather it further
strengthened the flesh body from the
outside in luu's terrifying physical
body even if the seventh level of the
domain got close I'm afraid that he
wouldn't be able to resist and would be
directly torn apart in minutes the good
thing is there have now been two hard
Lessons Learned one was floating light
of the
sunclan fifth in the realm one was Moon
hang of the lizard Dragon Clan who was
at the sixth level of the domain and had
broken through to the seventh level of
the domain during the battle the two
great Heavenly Prides had both died
tragically in luu's hands the other six
Heavens Pride should have learned this
lesson many of the alien
Spectators when they saw luu's detailed
information even produced a feeling of
Celebration okay this 10,000 Clans
Heavens Pride battle had started early
and luu of the human Clan was only 4
years old when he came over to
participate in the battle if we give him
a few more years when he grows to the
peak of the fifth realm and the way of
Flesh becoming a saint is even more
extreme who else can block his front you
Heaven's Destiny or shuu or
hijack
taisu
Yuan or
Os I'm afraid that you won't even be
able to break through anyone else's
defenses by then without
exaggeration absolutely invincible in
the same realm it's not even a stretch
to be able to fight six with one this
was the case with lu Chang Chang back
then Undisputed speed pass 10,000 plans
Heavens Pride battle it's a good thing
that time is not on the side of the
human race luu had not fully grown and
when he first entered the
competition he was even only at the
Third Realm spare him the chance to get
a strand of the flame of
civilization however luu had nothing to
do with winning the title and would not
get the biggest
strand this was the only thing that the
audience of the 10,000 races of the
universe especially the audience of
those few powerful races had to be
thankful for of course there were also
quite a few powerful Clans that were
bickering at the moment because they
hadn't even Advanced the evil God Clan
For example because he went to actively
provoke luu and ended up causing his own
regiment to be annihilated
Instead at this moment within the evil
God
Community it could be said that there
were verbal attacks chickens flying and
dogs jumping around and it was quite
Lively in the human
Community
naturally there was a lot of laughter
luu Advanced to the top 16 in advance
even if it was not expected that the
other nine Heavenly Prides they all
peacefully broke through to the second
level
in the past when participating in the
10,000 Clans Heavens Pride battle at
least two or three or even half of the
people would have to fold at the first
hurdle but this time relying on luu's
toughness all of them passed the test
successfully which was really a joyful
thing it would be great if someone could
break through the second and third
hurdles kill their way to the fourth
hurdle and meet up with luu in the top
16 battle the last time it went this
well was the session that Marshall St L
changing participated in when he was
young under the expectant gazes of the
countless Spectators of the human race
the second level of the 10,000 races
Heavens Pride battle soon began but the
result is it wasn't too good at the
second level only three people Wu wuky
gaan and
had passed by yujing Chang XI Sun yen
giaan in choping and AOH hongan were all
eliminated from the game there are times
when things just don't work out the way
they should as the saying goes the
higher the
expectations the greater the
disappointment this harsh reality pulled
everyone back to reality at once in this
session of the heavens Pride battle the
overall strength of the human race
wasn't very strong and the only ones who
were strong were
individuals soon two more days the third
level of the 10,000 Clans Heavens Pride
battle was
unschedule siaya and gaan two people
were eliminated
successively only Wu Wy who had broken
through to the fifth level of the realm
was still quite resilient and killed his
way all the way to the third level of
the final battle this next battle could
be considered crucial as long as you won
you would be able to qualify for the
fourth level the top 16 battle even luu
who was planning to go into
seclusion came over to watch the battle
specifically to cheer for
wuky as long as he could win the human
race would have two spots in the top 16
and if they were a bit luckier they
would even have a chance to get two
strands of the flame of
civilization this is really something to
look forward to in this battle wua Sia's
opponent was the Holy Spirit Clan second
day Pride whose name was rain and in
terms of strength just like
Wu he was at the fifth level of the
domain however the slight difference was
that Wu usia was at the beginning of the
fifth level of the Dom
while you was already at the peak of the
fifth level there is a gap between the
two sides but it's not huge and there's
still a chance to win this rain was a
slim man in his 30s wearing a white suit
his face was as pale as paper coughing
from time to time and he looked like he
was in a very weak State at his side was
Yu youan the Holy Spirit tribes number
one Heavenly Pride who was speaking to
him in a low voice seemingly explaining
something facing you youan rain looked
extraordinarily formal with a respectful
posture nodding his head every now and
then luu retracted his gaze as he looked
at Wu usia and asked are you sure Wu's
eyes were like fire as he nodded his
head and said there is no absolute
certainty but my success or failure in
these 20 years of cultivation depends on
today After experiencing the intense
battles in the second and third levels
wua had obviously grown some more and
his strength was much stronger than in
the first level hearing this luu smiled
and said I'll be waiting for you in the
top 16 battle I don't want to meet you
wuu siia said with a smile soon the
battle was about to be fought reain of
the Holy Spirit race walked up to the
large ring and calmly look towards luu's
side wuu hurriedly stood up and took a
step towards the top of the Ring the
moment whether it was the Holy Spirit
Community or the human Community all the
viewers of the two powerful communities
were all watching the live broadcast
screen
intently this battle was going to give
birth to a seat in the top 16 battle
it's importance cannot be
overstated chapter 190 he's in a hurry
the fourth and final level of the
tournament is simple 16 to8 8 to 4
4-2 2 to one
theoretically Li you only needed to win
four consecutive matches to get first
place in the 10,000 races Heavens Pride
battle it's as simple as that as for the
acquisition of the flame of
civilization it is equally simple just
need to finish in the top 10 so
even if you fail in the first round of
16 at8 you can still participate in the
losers bracket the losers bracket at
this stage like the winnner bracket is 8
to4
4-2 and two to one but the Winner's
bracket is fighting for first and second
while the losers bracket is fighting for
just 9th and 10th it is worth mentioning
that there is no Resurrection match
mechanism in the 10,000 Clans Battle of
the pride of heaven so a loss is a loss
and there's no chance of killing it back
if they came up with a strong collision
and fell directly in the first round
they could only get Ninth Place at best
this tournament system might be a bit
unfair to The Unlucky Jedi Pride but on
the other hand luck is part of strength
and if you can't get lucky you just
can't if you really have the strength to
win the championship
then
naturally you will not be afraid of
anyone and there will be no bad luck in
other words if one was a bit more lucky
and got into the fourth level by chance
and hadn't encountered those seven
absolute Heavenly Prides then one would
be able to directly get a strand of the
flame of
civilization
anyway whether it was for the human race
were the Holy Spirit race this fourth
level slot was not to be missed the of
gunpowder was drawn right through this
battle before it even started after both
sides mounted the stage there were no
pleasantries let alone
politeness as the match began and the
Death Match began straight away boom
boom the two sides Unleashed their
respective
domains constantly colliding and
frantically seizing the space of the
ring in terms of the
situation wua was slightly
inferior only occupying two- fifths of
the ring but the Holy Spirit Clan's
Reign on the opposite side occupied 3-
fifths of the space like his name his
domain space was a storm space the
rainstorm was like a torrential downpour
and in just a few moments the ring was
turned into an ocean outside the secret
realm of counter
entropy
gaan siya
by yujing and the others who had been
eliminated successively were not in a
hurry to leave but instead waited over
here for woi and luu to finish their
match at this moment several people
frowned when they saw the scene gawan
said with some concern in terms of
domain Collision wuu is obviously
slightly
inferior yes the opponent is at the peak
of the fifth level of the domain Fong
Guang the president of blue star
University
nodded it's fortunate that wooy had
previously broken through to the fifth
level as well otherwise the disadvantage
would have been even greater although
slightly inferior in terms of domains
wooy is not without a chance outside the
ring yuyuan glanced at The Clash of
domains in the ring and couldn't help
but not as if it was a sure win then
glanced at luu the look couldn't have
been more blunt
luu felt such a gaze and without
ceremony directly glared back it's just
a matter of losing a domain sparring
match it's not like he lost a battle so
what are you so proud of yuyuan smiled
slightly a look that seemed to say there
wasn't really much suspense in winning
or losing this battle the gap between
the two sides was obvious luu snorted
coldly as if to say opening champagne at
halftime won't end well yuyuan reached
out and pointed to the center of the
ring as if to say don't you know by
looking for
yourself above the ring not only were
the domains sparring the two sides were
fighting against each other and wuu was
likewise slightly
inferior and the battle had only begun
for a while before he had already fallen
into a
disadvantage and looked to be in
Jeopardy if this continued and the
domain was gradually swallowed when the
domain sovereignty was completely lost
then wua would not have a single
possibility of winning at this moment
above the ring the rain was rapidly
devouring the space of the domain that
originally belonged to
woia Woo's close combat was like
constantly hitting cotton the
disadvantage was getting bigger and
bigger if it wasn't for the domain
effect constantly unloading its power
I'm afraid that at this moment he would
have already been
eliminated this rain was indeed powerful
and this rainstorm field of his could be
considered completely different from the
ordinary natural
environment those rains had negative
effects such as strong acid
corrosion and defense breaking and could
even injure a person's spirit and soul
gradually wua had fallen into a
desperate situation and the domain space
was gradually being eaten away with only
1/5th of the space left the winner is
about to be
revealed it's over in the ring rain
gently raised his hand to deliver a
fatal blow to
woy just then Wu's eyes suddenly widened
and a strange smile appeared on his
injury-ridden face I've got you ha rain
furrowed her brow before she realized
something was wrong
you dash the domain space that had
originally been encroached upon and
eaten Away by the rain at this moment it
had even rapidly changed hands and at
least half of the space had returned to
Wu wy's hands but it was enough on the
ground the en and young fish kept
spinning up Rain lowered his head
staring at the scene in dismay it was
then that he realized it turned out that
these domain spaces were bait that woia
had intentionally put out for the
purpose of This Moment's
Counterattack it had to be said that
this human martial artist guts were
really too big even taking the
initiative to give up the domain
sovereignty if he himself was more
careful and did not give him the
opportunity to attack more patience and
put these occupied domains under
complete control then he will have no
more room to
struggle
obviously it's a a big gamble bias wo Wy
won the BET despicable human figure it
all out in a Flash rain gritted his
teeth and raised his head again wua had
gotten close in terms of close combat
wua was not as good as luu but that did
not mean that he could not do it on the
contrary what wuu was best it was close
combat at this moment close body
entanglement and then do not give rain a
chance to escape just a moment it will
be seriously injured and then a moment
later rain was directly knocked out of
the game the winner is already decided
woo woo win successfully killed the
fourth level and earned a spot in the
Battle of 16 seeing this yuan's face was
ugly as he violently stood up and stared
at Wu dead in the face he then cursed in
annoyance you human race do you only use
these underhanded and Despicable methods
hearing this luu couldn't help but
laugh anxious he was anxious what's all
this talk about dirty tricks the 10,000
Clans Heavens Pride battle is still
about this it's a fight for the fires of
civilization it's a great world World
struggle you think you're playing alone
this Holy Spirit Clan's number one
Heavenly Pride was too childish luu
didn't even bother to argue he just
glanced at him and stopped looking
yuyuan felt that he was despised or
despised by a small child and his face
darkened then he also knew that it was
pointless to say anything after losing
at this moment Yu Yuan coldly released
we'll see you at the fourth level
luu was somewhat speechless when he
heard this is that a Hardline big
brother we're supposed to be Rivals how
did it feel that this yuyuan of the Holy
Spirit Clan was a bit too innocent among
the universe's 10,000 races absolute
Heavenly Prides there was actually a
Heavenly Pride with such a personality
that existed chapter 191 even if you
succeed in the final four not without a
chance you uan turned around and left
after letting out his harsh words Wu
this jumped down from The Ring smiled
and said it's a bit of a victory you're
called courageous and
resourceful luu said
unimpressed you let go of so much domain
space for nothing that Holy Spirit
Clan's Heavenly Pride didn't even see it
and since you're so stupid you deserve
to lose wuky nodded and said with
emotion sort of a fluke I didn't T
expect to really win the bet and sure
enough this Holy Spirit Clan is really
like the rumors all the Heavenly pride
of their group have a lower IQ Lu you
heard this and asked
curiously you can't say that wooa shook
his head they call this holy quality as
the beginning or Pure Heart of the da at
first I thought it was a rumor but
seeing as the opposite side was more
innocent I tried it and I didn't expect
it to be
successful no wonder that the Holy
Spirit Clan second Heavenly Pride where
the first Heavenly Pride scolded you for
being despicable and actually didn't
know that a soldier never tries to be
deceitful luu didn't even know what to
spit out for a moment this is really the
universe is so big there is nothing
strange I didn't expect the Holy Spirit
Clan's Pride to be so simple and still
be so powerful when you think about it
it makes perfect sense as the saying
goes there are a 100 people in all
shapes and sizes not to mention all the
races in the universe Perhaps it is this
Simplicity that makes them so powerful
saying this was woooa bullying the
little cutie with Wu Wy defeating his
opponents he managed to break through to
the fourth level
the entire human race cheered and boiled
since the end of the first level the
battle conditions of the human
celestials in these days could be
described as very
unsatisfactory six were eliminated from
the second level the third level
eliminates two people luckily Wu waxi
had killed the fourth level or else all
but Lu you would have been wiped out the
next fourth level if you can win one you
can get a strand of the flame of
civilization in terms of competitive
intensity the fourth level is far
inferior to the first second and third
levels but in terms of competitive
difficulty the previous three levels
even when added together could not be
compared to the fourth by the fourth
level any win will be incredibly tough
theoretically winning four in a row will
win you the title but it's only a theory
and it's a lot harder to actually do it
after the end of the third level there
were roughly 3 days before the start of
the fourth and final level of the 10,000
races Heavens Pride battle this was
considered to be giving the top 16
absolute Heavenly Prides a time to rest
and prepare some Celestial Pride took
advantage of this time to continue
refining themselves in an attempt to go
even further there was a Heavenly Pride
frantically collecting all kinds of
Intelligence on his opponent thinking
that knowing oneself and knowing the
enemy would be the best way to fight a
hundred battles there was tinio doing
nothing but simply resting using this to
adjust his State there were even
Heavenly Prides that sent out
invitations to other opponents to spar
and play friendly training matches to
improve each other wo wooo then received
several invitations from the foreign
Race's Heavenly Pride this was within
the rules of the heavens Pride battle
that allowed it when he came over over
and told luu about it luu couldn't help
but be a bit
surprised how come I didn't receive an
invitation you actually didn't receive
an
invitation hearing this wua couldn't
help but be a bit
surprised I thought you had received an
invitation as well no lu you shook his
head the same human race how come they
are still treated
differently it could be because you're
too strong
wuu said after some thought of course
it's also possible that it's because you
don't have a domain and aren't able to
achieve a better training effect so no F
Heavens pride has invited you to play in
a training match all right luu nodded
and didn't take this matter to heart he
would just cultivate in seclusion and
there was no need to play any training
matches Captain you say I'm going to
play a training match Marshall and Vin
principal inquired he had come over to
discuss this matter of course luu
thought for a moment and said the
training matches within the rules
allowed for the heaven Pride battle so
even if you lose miserably there's no
harm in it and you might just be able to
go further I See Marshall Invincible
nodded and then went to his appointment
for the training match with great
excitement it wasn't long before w
returned with his head hanging down and
found luu once again the training match
didn't turn out too well luu guessed
right I thought that the result might
not be good but I didn't expect that the
result would actually be this bad woooa
nodded and
continued I went over this time and
fought against five foreign tribesmen
Heavenly Pride each playing two matches
which means that there were a total of
10 matches and the result was actually
lost all 10 games speaking the last few
words wua siia spoke through gritted
teeth obviously upset luu couldn't help
but Furrow his brows when he heard this
although he had guessed that Wu's
training match had not turned out too
well he had not expected it to be poor
gave me a beating that made me close to
autism woooo said somewhat
depressedly difficult two difficult of
those five three of them are domain six
two are Peak domain five almost all of
them crushed me none of them look like
the Holy Spirit Clans Fools having
entered the final stage the difficulty
will naturally be great Lu you said with
emotion yes Captain you should also be
more careful although Captain is very
strong those few domain 7 or even domain
8 Supreme Heavenly Prides are equally
unfathomable Marshall Invincible said
seriously I know luu nodded during this
period of time he first comprehended the
inscription Vision then ate the nine
Leaf Spirit pill and used up the lunar
stream slurry liquid and once again his
basic aspect was improved in terms of
overall strength it's kind of gotten a
lot stronger now that he was facing the
absolute Heavenly Pride of the seventh
level of the domain there was no
guarantee of an absolute Victory or at
least a high chance of
winning however if they were to face the
eighth level of the domain although
there was some chance of winning they
would definitely lose more than win in a
nutshell 16 into 8 obtaining a ray of of
the flame of civilization is not
difficult 8 to four also has a fighting
chance and a good chance of winning but
it would be very difficult to kill two
out of four to get to the finals or even
one out of two to win the title
unfortunately the time to rest and
prepare is still too short if you can
practice for an extra month or two like
you did during the time of The
Reincarnation Tower then Lou you would
also be more certain nay
the time is not right for once time was
not on his side outside the reverse
entropy secret realm Fong Guang the
president of blue star
University his expectation of Lu you was
that the top four would be considered a
success Communication phone in Fong Wang
said more than once there is no need for
too much psychological pressure just let
it go as long long as they got the top
four they would be able to share enough
of a strand of the flame of
civilization which was slightly less
than the winner and runner up but it was
quite okay is the final four considered
a success inside a quiet room luu
murmured
Softly As far as the overall situation
is concerned what president fun Quang
said was not wrong and his judgment was
accurate it was indeed difficult for luu
to win the title
and it was better to lower expectations
rather than stress so much but Lu you
was not willing since we came to this
10,000 Clans Heavens Pride battle how
can we just get by saying that the top
four is considered a success after
thinking hard for a long time about the
way to break the situation luu suddenly
thought of something and his expression
moved slightly no not without a chance
chapter 192 a brand new unprecedented
path of martial arts in the system
storage space inside were neatly
arranged rewards from previous quests
among them was a fiery red fruit named
Vermillion fruit it wasn't of a high
grade only of the sixth rank but the
effect was very good after taking it it
can strengthen the physical body
increase
cultivation and prove the physique to a
certain extent the description is even
more
explicit 100 years out of the
leaves 100 Years of
flowering 100 Years of fruit 300 years
of mature Heaven and Earth wonders
practicing martial arts people eat can
increase the power of a sun a nail in
the coffin an armor is 60 years if Lu
you was allowed to cultivate for 60
years even if he could not become a
martial Saint he would at least be a
marshal
Emperor however this Vermillion fruit
grade was only of the sixth rank so
there was no way it would be this
effective the so-called one armor of
kung fu should only be a false reference
an approximate number or an ordinary
martial arts practitioner who has
practiced for 60 years
regardless the results are definitely
good this Vermillion fruit before this
luu had not dared to take it easily
because the description hinted that if
the flesh is not strong enough do not
take it
casually otherwise there is a certain
probability of bursting and dying to
this day luu had taken the path of
becoming a saint In the Flesh and had
also broken through to the fifth realm
so there would be no problem taking this
Vermilion fruit without
hesitation luu L ate this Vermilion
fruit just one take then he felt a warm
current enter his stomach which then
quickly flowed into his Limbs and his
body felt warm all over this energy was
not as violent as imagined instead it
was unusually
docile after entering luu's body it
rapidly increased his cultivation level
but in the blink of an eye the golden
body came from the first turn to the
second turn
this effect was much faster than luu
expected and the expected energy storm
that might have occurred showed no signs
of happening at all luu was a bit
surprised on second thought it shouldn't
be that this energy is too tame rather
it was because his current physical body
was too strong as well as his foundation
was too solid so even if this energy was
raging it couldn't make any waves the
current luu was long gone from the
person he was a year or two ago without
much thought luu closed his eyes and
began his
cultivation what he lacked the most
right now was time and the effect of
this vermillian fruit would allow him to
save most of his cultivation time and
shortened the gap between him and those
absolute Prides a day later when luu
opened his eyes again he had already
arrived at the ninth turn of the golden
body realm at this point the energy
contained in this Vermilion fruit was
completely consumed coming to the ninth
turn of the golden body luu could feel
that his overall strength had risen
another notch but that's not enough far
from it trying to rely on breaking
through to the ninth turn of the golden
body to defeat those at the eighth level
of the realm was obviously not very
realistic let's just say that the odds
of winning are slightly better the
reason was also very simple those
absolute Heavenly Prides of the eighth
level of the realm were more than just
the ninth turn of the golden body they
were still at the ninth level of the
Dharma body they had already gone to the
Limit within the five Realms he had also
taken the skill domain that was only
Mastered by a seventh realm Grandmaster
and walked it to the realm of great
accomplishment with that strength even
if an idol Grandmaster came over they
would not be their match luu had gotten
a little stronger again at the moment
only allowing the Gap to narrow slightly
luu didn't think much about it and once
again looked at the system storage space
there is such a potion inside pills for
breaking the boundary level six thorder
quality perfect type
consumable effects after taking it it
can help one break through bottlenecks
and raise the upper limit of one's realm
description this is a superb Elixir but
it is not
omnipotent it is only recommended for
martial artists below the seventh realm
and martial artists in the seventh realm
and above will have minimal effect after
using it this
Elixir if it was to maximize its utility
should be used by a sixth realm
patriarch so that he could use it to
break through to the seventh realm
bottleneck and become a great
patriarch however for luu
nowadays it was quite a chicken rib it
was because he controlled over a
thousand inscriptions and had taken the
path of fleshly
sanctification there was no longer any
such thing as a bottleneck when breaking
through from the fifth realm to the
seventh realm it just needs to be
precipitated
integrated and then sublimated for a
smooth
breakthrough in that case might as well
eat ahead of time to save a little time
is all early on he broke through from
the golden body n revolutions to the
Dharma body realm in this way the fourth
level of the battle would also be more
certain it's a bit of a waste but it
can't be helped because it's an
emergency the 10,000 Clans Heaven Pride
battle is more important just don't care
about this waste without
hesitation luu took this realm breing
pill only once the realm breaking pill
was imported it transformed into a cool
breath that instantly spread throughout
the body Lu youu only felt that the
spirit platform was extraordinarily
ethereal
gradually he entered an extremely subtle
State however it was completely
different from the outcome L you had
expected what he originally wanted was
to rapidly break through to the Dharma
body realm from the nine Revolutions of
the golden body but because there is no
bottleneck the mysterious Aura brought
about by the realm breaking Dan was
obviously a bit confused breaking
through from the ninth turn of the
golden body to the first layer of the
Dharma body doesn't have a
bottleneck ah you're asking me to do
this Flack at a mosquito what's wrong
with you even a slight
bottleneck meaning will break the realm
for you as a result you have no
bottlenecks at all which is not
the mysterious Aura brought about by the
realm breaking Dan was confused for a
while and went around in circles for a
long time
eventually the goal was placed on the
nine turns of the golden body nine turns
of the golden body is that the limit I
don't think so in the dark L you had
such a feeling above the nine
Revolutions of the golden body there
seemed to be a new realm how is that
possible luu felt a bit in
credulous it was clearly recorded in the
history of human martial arts that the
upper limit of the golden body stage was
the nine Revolutions of the golden body
which was already the limit of the
golden body realm how many amazingly
talented martial arts Masters had only
gone as far as the ninth turn of the
golden body with no way to go
further however at this moment luu had
the chance to find A New Path luu let
out a deep breath and quickly adjusted
his State he began to search for that
brand new path that had never been seen
before with the help of the subtle Aura
of the realm breaking pill however the
boundary breaking pill was only a six
order Elixir after all although it was a
superb Elixir the medicinal effect was
ultimately not powerful enough the goal
is ambitious but it's obviously unlikely
to achieve that goal luu furrowed his
brows feeling the rapid depletion of the
realm breaking pills subtle Aura but
still unable to find that brand new path
if this continued the mysterious Aura of
this realm breaking pill would not be
able to find A New Path even after it
was
consumed no way this won't work underl
's conscious Drive within his body the
tiue diffractive Dharma pill as well as
the taiu immortal cells began to slowly
operate with the addition of these two
ninth order Supreme Treasures the
situation was instantly reversed the
subtle Aura of the boundary breaking
pill was like a Vanguard team
specializing in beating the headlights
finding ways to find that brand new path
and going Reckless one after the other
and the taiu defra of Dan was like the
main Brigade a solid backing for the
boundary breaking Dan constantly
providing support while also constantly
contributing to the search along with it
as for the tiue immortal cells they were
like a logistical
Force specializing in some auxiliary
work providing constant coordination
between both the boundary breaking pill
and the tiue defraction pill a perfect
triangle is achieved chapter 193
Marshall da golden Dan the Resonance of
the ocean of rules realm breaking pill
tiue defraction pill and tiue Immortal
cell
between the three a delicate balance was
reached at the moment for a moment louu
entered a more subtle State take away
take away take away every moment every
second luu was all in a constant state
of
epiphany
gradually the fog that had been trapped
in front of the Body for so long was
gradually lifted slowly
the road which had been exhausted was
forced open the road which continues
onward luu is on a bumpy road constantly
searching for A New Path
unfortunately even with the cooperation
of the realm breaking pill the great
void defraction pill and the great void
Immortal cells that brand new path still
wasn't that easy to find in the world of
enl inment luu's eyes were filled with
confusion he looked around and as far as
the eye could see the place was Barren
and Silent this is a place where human
martial arts Masters have never set foot
no perhaps there are some amazing
martial arts Masters who came here but
did not find A New Path and all returned
without
success this instant even luu has lost
his
confidence can he really find A New Path
or does that New Path really exist if it
couldn't be found or if it didn't exist
at all then the medicinal power of the
tiue diffracting Dharma pill would have
been consumed for nothing this is a
ninth order Immortal
Elixir no there must be a new path keep
looking you're bound to find it after a
short period of hesitation luu was again
firm in his beliefs trusting in his own
premonitions and continued to search in
the wilderness of this da I don't know
how much time has passed but I still
haven't found at this moment luu's body
pish janun Stone blo shimmering light
brought a trace of luck luu's eyes lit
up what did he see not far ahead there
really seems to be a new road without
hesitation luu traveled through The
Lonesome
Wilderness constantly searching for the
New Path it's not an illusion there's no
mistaking it he found it a new
unprecedented path of martial arts luu
violently opened his eyes in this
instant the entire reverse entropy
Mystic realm shook slightly the
magnitude of this vibration was so
unremarkable that no one could have
noticed it aside from the manipulator
behind the Heaven's Pride battle the
reverse entropy Envoy and the Marshall
St Lu Chang Shen within the reverse
entropy Mysteries an extremely special
place the black robe reverse entropy
Envoy suddenly sensed something and
fiercely widened his eyes directly
standing up and looking into the
distance in shock gazing at that piece
of
emptiness ha li Chong xong who was on
the side also Ed a hint of something
wrong he narrowed his eyes
slightly that's the ocean of rules
Roars it's the vibration of the ocean of
rules that caused the entire secret
realm to shake who in this session of
the heavens Pride battle there is such
an amazing talent that has triggered the
Resonance of the ocean of rules this is
realizing a trace of the power of the
origin laws Lu Chang Chang said with
some surprise even he was was very
surprised in this Heavens Pride battle
they were all fifth realm Heavens Pride
if they could realized the domain of the
seventh realm to a great extent they
were already
magnificent now he's actually penetrated
the rules of the eighth realm mastered a
trace of the power of the laws of origin
what a joke it's too
anticlimactic no the black robe reverse
entropy Envoy shook his head and said
with a grave expression on his face
honestly speaking even if there was a
fifth realm extreme Heavenly Pride who
had realized a trace of the power of the
origin laws it would not be possible to
induce such resonance in the ocean of
rules the movement is not right hearing
this Lu Chang Chang quickly reacted as
he nodded and said if according to you
which genius should this be who has
found a new path to win the cheering
boil of the of rules I think that should
be the case the black robe reverse
entropy onvoy nodded finding a new path
is just as counterintuitive as realizing
a trace of the power of the origin laws
if not a bit more so let's go go see who
that heaven defying fellow is Lu chaning
couldn't wait good the black robe
reverse entropy Envoy nodded the duo
searched in the direction of the rule
ocean resonance and soon found from The
Source surprisingly little luu looking
at the quiet room that had caused a
great commotion not far away and at luu
who was in the process of comprehending
the New Path Lu chaning couldn't help
but blink his eyes dismay written all
over his face it's actually him the
reverse entropy Envoy was also startled
whether it was Lu Chang Chang were the
reverse entropy onvoy neither of them
expected that Lu you would find A New
Path
Lu Chong xong who was still a bit
worried turned into Elation at this
moment as he stared at luu with dead
eyes his eyes filled with
admiration this new path is the path
after the nine turns of the golden body
is that a golden
Elixir similar to the cultivation method
a few reincarnations ago no this isn't
the same path it's a martial arts Gan
danan just by gazing at it
Lu Chang Shang came to a
realization and he sced in amazement so
that's how it is so that's how it is
above the golden body practicing the way
of Wuda Jinan directly bypassing the
Dharma body this is a purely physical
path pursuing the ultimate in martial
arts it just happens to articulate the
way of Flesh becomes sainthood it's so
beautiful and perfect praising one after
another Lu chaning suddenly turned his
head to look at the reverse entropy
Envoy now what do you think of this son
of mine reverse entropy makes he was
silenced by the above the nine
Revolutions of the golden body there is
indeed A New Path inside luu's body a
golden Dan was slowly
condensing it was completely different
from the legendary Immortal cultivators
Gan it's a golden pill of martial arts
it is not the case that the system is
different and then a different name is
given to it and the soup is
changed actually the two are
diametrically opposed in nature the
Marshall golden Dan cultivates the
physical body The Immortal cultivation
Ganan on the other hand cultivates law
there is no difference between the two
just two completely different paths
in the blink of an eye it was a day
inside luu's body this golden pill of
Marshall Arts was completely
solidified on the Marshall Dow golden
pill countless tiny
inscriptions as if they were complicated
patterns were engraved on it adding an
extremely mysterious feeling to this
Marshall da golden pill Marshall daan
realm this is a brand new path a path
that is more suitable for me luu slowly
opened his eyes the corners of his mouth
revealed a faint smile I wonder what my
current strength is actually how how
many more chances of Victory are there
against that domain eighth Heavenly
Pride I can no longer estimate the only
way to know is after the battle just
then a prompt suddenly appeared in front
of luu's eyes the fourth level of the
10,000 Clans heavens Pride battle is
about to begin so please have all the
players rush to the fourth level
Battlefield as soon as possible luu
stood up a faint smile on his face just
in time three short days could be
considered extraordinarily torturous for
the audience of the 10,000 races the
later the stage the more exciting the
10,000 Clans Heavens Pride battle would
become the fourth level had not even
begun yet and the audience of the 10,000
races of the universe had already argued
countless times and clamored even though
the pride of most of the Clans had
already been
eliminated it didn't stop them from
continuing to watch the match to see who
would actually be able to ascend to the
first place of the cosmic 10,000 Clans
Pride of the heavens finally in anxious
waiting the fourth level of the 10,000
Clans Heavens Pride battle kicked off
chapter 194 the 16 battle begins
brush luu suddenly appeared in the
dueling field of the fourth level
immediately a pair of eyes looked over
he's coming the little Marshall saint of
the human race let's hope the weight is
a little more lucky and we don't draw
these early advancement guys it's only
been a few days since I've seen him how
do you feel he's a little different it's
a little different it's only been a few
days could it have gotten stronger it
can't B can it Captain Wy trotted over
and then introduced him to this side of
the situation the random draw will be
taking place soon after the draw the
eight matches will be played against
each other in succession to directly
determine the top eight spots after the
top eight spots are
determined another random draw will be
held for four matches to directly
determine the top four that means a
total of 12 games will be played before
and after
and this is today's tournament schedule
come tomorrow there are only three
matches two of the 4 and two and one of
the twoin one final this fourth level of
the 10,000 Clans Heavens Pride battle
the full results will be decided in two
days I have to say the pace is really
fast the draw is about to begin so fast
luu followed wuu Gaz not far away
right above the huge ring a line of text
was suspended drawing of lots in
progress the results of the draw for the
round of 16 are as follows battle one
ktie the elf versus yuu on the Holy
Spirit battle two sunclan Destiny versus
tyin Clan
shuu battle three blood moon Clan
robbery versus human Clan
Wu battle four chaos an Clan tyu versus
nine specters to Shan battle five luu of
the human race versus schu of the star
feather race battle six oz of the star
God Clan versus yanting of the red
dragon Clan battle seven Karen of the
beaching Clan versus Kaman of the golden
Clan battle eight Union of the
cloud-wing clan versus Lucy of the siren
Clan as soon as the list was in
announced many Heavenly Prides reacted
differently woia couldn't help but stare
what kind of luck am I having the battle
of the top
16 his chances of winning would have
been very low the result was also a
robbery by the blood moon Clan this guy
it was said that he had already mastered
the eighth level of the domain how's
this for a fight there is no doubt that
the odds of winning are infinitely close
to zero equally unlucky as him was the
Heavenly fate of the sun race Celestial
Destiny couldn't help but frown it's
almost like a showdown of Destiny he
actually let him face the tyin clan shua
right off the bat if this was lost the
consequences were simply
unimaginable and there would inevitably
be a wave of curses within the sun
Community but the problem was it was
said that sukuya had already mastered
the eth realm and was far above him in
strength it's not really a good fight
Celestial Destiny raised his head as if
he wanted to see through the layers of
space to see the person behind the
scenes who was presiding over this
Heaven's Pride battle he wondered if
this was deliberately
arranged how else could it be so
coincidental star feather Clan snowmoon
luu saw this name and immediately
searched for it a tall young girl was
soon seen she wore a silvert trimmed
white robe
her attire simple and
dignified and the surface of her body
seemed to be surrounded by clouds
revealing vulgarity and nobility
everywhere at this moment she was also
sizing up luu eyes locked schu's slender
eyebrows were gently raised and her
almond eyes were clear and bright as if
they could penetrate the heart even
against luu he did not have the
slightest fear and appeared except
ceptionally calm and collected this star
feather Clan Shu was at the peak of the
sixth level of the realm just one step
away from the seventh level of the realm
with this kind of strength if he had
more luck he might have killed his way
to the top eight but
unfortunately she met luu it was still
luu who had just broken through to the
Marshall golden Dan when the results of
the draw for the round of 16 battle were
announced many Heavenly Prides were
observing their
competitors the smell of gunpowder
instantly intensified in The Invisible
Clash of eyes soon the first battle has
begun one up uan of the Holy Spirit Clan
then opened his domain in full the
terrifying field of Darkness quickly
took over the vast majority of the Ring
densely densely packed like ghosts
escaping from the marrow hell they madly
pounced towards the elf ktie there was
hardly any
suspense but after a few rounds yuyuan
eliminated the elf Clan's Pride Katie
from the tournament outside the ring so
strong is this the domain great
success such a disparity caused the
hearts of wooi to Shan
yenting and the other Celestial Pride to
sink was the gap between them and the
the absolute Heavenly Pride who had
skipped the second and third hurdles
actually so great soon the Second Battle
began this battle was also one of the
most exciting battles in this top 16
battle the sun Clan's absolute Heavenly
Pride at the peak of the seventh level
of the domain faced off against the tyin
Clan's absolute Heavenly Pride at the
eighth level of the domain to
sakuya the eighth level of the domain
certainly held a great Advantage but if
you take it lightly and think you're
going to win there's a real chance
you'll roll over so sukuya fought
seriously the ring the ultimate duel
between onein and one Yang was an
eye-opening experience for all the
Heavenly Prides as well as for the
audience of all the races in the
universe
eventually it was still the domain H
shuu who was even better and managed to
make it to the top eight this matchup is
over in the third battle it was was the
blood moon Clans hijack who faced off
against the human Clans
wooy the difference between the two
sides is a little too great the former
was the eighth level of the domain the
latter on the other hand was at the
fifth level of the domain it's almost a
Surefire battle
nevertheless wuu say still quickly
adjusted his State then it was even more
comfortable to rush to the battlefield
even if it's 10 deaths there's no chance
of
winning however as a human martial
artist he still had to fight his way out
and absolutely could not lose face as
soon as he came up wooo sat opened his
domains fully and took the initiative to
attack the way of the martial artist is
like this even if the enemy is strong
one must still go forward hijack looked
at woi with some surprise then smiled
faintly Moths To The Flame there was no
suspense in this battle and there were
no
Miracles it's not as if the intention is
strong enough to reverse everything
winning with weakness happens from time
to time but it's ultimately a minority
of a minority when Wu waia was
eliminated from the tournament luu
furrowed his brows and subconsciously
glanced at hijack he didn't even take it
seriously and one as if was playing the
eighth level of the domain was truly
extraordinary sensing luu's attention
hijack immediately looked over and said
indifferently don't be in a hurry next
it's your turn not buddy I haven't even
said a word why are you initiating the
taunting the absolute Pride of the blood
moon plan the champion seed of the
eighth level of the domain how can he
have such a pattern
luu was a bit
speechless he felt like the protagonist
in a story talk book how come no matter
where he went there were villains
jumping out to taunt him these villains
it's like they have no brains but on
second thought that's not true either
the reason for hijacks Outburst of
mockery was simple it was because luu
was a human and the relationship between
the blood moon Clan and the human Clans
could be described is very poor although
hijack had just eliminated a marshall
Invincible he was only at the fifth
level of the domain so he really didn't
have any sense of
accomplishment much less something to
brag about so he came to speak to luu
the son of the Marshall
Sage about eliminating him from the
tournament chapter 195 one sword chop
the battle of the elite Aid begins in
the face of hijacks
provocation luu smiled talking trash he
hasn't been afraid of anyone yet then
you'll have to wash your neck and wait
for me luu lifted the long sword in his
hand and said
indifferently wash up properly before
letting me chop off your dog's head at
these words hijack froze for a moment
and he narrowed his eyes but did not
argue with luu at least it was a supreme
Heavenly Pride of the eighth level of
the domain it was not wise to quarrel
with a human child it's humiliating to
win an argument and even more
humiliating to lose one soon the fourth
battle began chaos ancient Clan versus
nine specters Clan these two
civilization groups both belong to the
kind of very old and Powerful groups
both in terms of strength and Heritage
were quite
terrifying however the stand of this
terms nine specters Clan's Heavenly
Pride was clearly not very good this two
Shan of the nine specters Clan who was
only at the peak of the fifth level of
the realm against taisu of the seventh
level of the realm it was a battle with
almost no
suspense this is actually normal a
supreme Heavenly Pride that could
comprehend a domain that could only be
mastered at the seventh realm to Great
completion during the fifth realm period
a civilized Community would often only
be able to produce one in a 100 years if
you're unlucky it can even take hundreds
of years for one to come out some weak
Clans medium Clans it would take
thousands of years or even tens of
thousands of years for such a supreme
Heavenly Pride to appear with tyu
winning the battle easily the fifth
battle was human race luu versus Star
feather race snowmoon before the battle
even started many Heavenly Prides looked
over they were all curious but it had
only been a few short days had luu
gotten a little stronger again the
moment human
communities ever since wuu siia was
eliminated only luu was left with this
hope of advancing if he was eliminated
again he would have to fight for the
ninth and 10th and it was still unknown
whether he could get the flame of
civilization or not
contrary to that but if you can win this
one and make it to the top eight you can
take a strand of the flame of
civilization can we win with countless
pairs of eyes watching the battle was
imminent the star feather race was a
neutral race in the universe never
participating in the wars of the various
races and the relationship with humans
was not considered good but not too bad
either
at this moment this tall and tall with a
temperament close to Perfection the star
feather Clan's Heavenly Pride
Shu looked at luu who had stepped onto
the ring and revealed a faint smile
which was warm and genial calming one's
state of mind she said
softly little brother my sister is
afraid of pain you have to be more more
gentle next okay sister hearing this luu
nodded and said I'll kill you with a
single sword and I'll definitely give
you a hard time snow Moon her face
immediately turned somber the field of
ice and snow instantly spread above the
entire ring but the moment she was ready
to attack she was surprised to find that
luu had already disappeared in place so
fast what about people
alerted Yuki Yuki jerked her head
around however her reaction time was too
slow only once he turned around the
perspective had already
skyrocketed a nice beautiful head
spinning up in
midair a sword with just a single stroke
of his sword luu chopped off snow Moon's
head and ended the battle only when the
luu wins prompt appeared did many of the
celestial Pride wake up as if from a
dream and then looked at luu with the
eyes of a monster so fast is this the
end this is
outrageous in this battle luu didn't
show any
undercard it was by virtue of hard power
that he easily decapitated snowm mooon
among the many Celestial Pride the only
ones who could remain calm were those
few Supreme Celestial pride in the in
the
meantime human
communities all the spectators were
staring at the scene in front of them
their jaws dropped and they could not
believe it for a moment it's over this
was the fourth level of the 10,000 Clans
Heavens Pride battle the final battle of
the top 16 no one who made it to this
level was an instant favorite but even
with such a Heavenly Pride luu still
chopped it with a single sword after a
short period of Silence
the entire human community directly
boiled over outside the secret realm of
counter
entropy
sya
gaan by yujing and the others could not
help but stare wideeye at this scene in
just a few days the captain has gotten
stronger again a single sword kills the
sixth level of the domain it's simply
horrible as hell what ate pervert wait
until the fifth game is played this
sixth game again was not much of a
contest o of the star Gods wins easily
by the seventh and eighth battles there
was always a bit of suspense these two
battles were fought back and forth
eventually in the seventh battle Karen
of the beaching Clan won battle eight
Lucy the siren wins when the game was
over over Karen and Lucy Had Smiles
written all over their faces it was a
happy occasion and they even started
celebrating early
previously Fong Wang's expectation of
luu was that the top four would be
considered a success their Elders
likewise expect the same of them even
lower final four the final eight is
considered a
victory okay at this moment
the goal had been achieved and he had
successfully obtained a ray of
civilization flame for his own tribe so
what was there not to be satisfied with
the latter race is so difficult that it
doesn't matter much to them anymore to
this point the 10,000 Clans Heavens
Pride battle entered the final eth stage
just a little break soon the draw for
the second round has begun almost all of
the Heaven's Pride held their breath
unlike the first round of draws in this
second round the draw for the final
eight the only players with weak
strengths were Karen of the beaching
Clan and Lucy of the siren Clan whoever
draws both of them will be lucky in fact
Karen and Lucy were mentally praying to
draw each other in doing so they had a
glimmer of hope of making it to the
quarterfinal stage but their there comes
a time when luck runs out the draw for
the second round came out quickly the
results of the draw for the eighth round
are as follows Dash battle one luu of
the human race versus yuyuan of the Holy
Spirit race battle two Karen of the
beaching Clan versus shuu of the tyin
clan battle three oz of the star God
Clan versus hijacking of the blood moon
Clan battle four Lucy of the sirens
versus
tyu of the chaos ancients seeing this
result yuyuan of the Holy Spirit Clan's
face could not be seen to be happy or
angry he turned his head and said
quietly I said I'd see you at the fourth
level before but I didn't think I'd
actually run into you luu smiled and
asked scared when these words came out
Yu yuan's brows furrowed as he smiled
and said I have to admit
in just a few days you've improved quite
a bit easily defeating the peak of the
sixth level of the domain but what I'm
trying to tell you is Dash the gap
between you and a domain D Chang is not
something you can catch up with in a
short period of time domain D Chang it's
definitely not as simple as you think Lu
you waved his hand interrupting his
boasting it's not like I haven't killed
a domain 7 that's just bullying a
 who just broke through the
seventh level Yu you UNG grunted but
it's better to see the real thing in the
ring just fight and you'll know the
result I hope your mouth will still be
this hard when the time comes Lu you
laughed I'll return this word as it is
you mustn't become mute when you're
about to lose chapter 196 fuel on the
fire who restrained who just as the
Elite 8 is about to begin
above the ring a black robed Powerhouse
suddenly appeared his appearance out of
thin air caused many Heavenly Prides to
freeze even luu who was in the middle of
trash talking was stunned the black robe
Powerhouse looked down at the eight
Heavenly Prides on the scene smiled
faintly and opened his mouth to greet
them
gentlemen I am the presiding officer
behind the 10,000 Clans heavens Pride
battle the reverse entropy Envoy when
these words came out all the celestial
Pride revealed a look of
surprise not expecting the reverse
entropy Envoy to show up in the past
10,000 Clans Heavens Pride battle the
reverse entropy Envoy did not show up
every time a 100 times in the 10,000
Clans Heavens Pride battle only one or
two times might come out every time he
shows up he has his his purpose may
bring new changes
fruity the black robe reverse entropy
Envoy said with a smile we've now
entered the final e stage and in the
next three rounds of the competition the
number one of the 10,000 races Heavenly
Pride will be decided I have specially
appeared at this moment to tell you good
news this time for the 10,000 Clans
Heavenly Pride I will as far as my
authority allows
raise the civilization flame that the
champion receives to the largest strand
ever it's worth noting that only the
champion can have this honor as for the
other rankings of the civilization fire
it Remains the Same as usual this
greatest wisp of civilization's flame I
believe you should be able to clearly
understand the gold behind it whether
it's for the clan behind you or for
yourselves it can be a great benefit
the moment these words came out the
eight Heavenly Prides on the scene all
brightened up there was no doubt that
these words from the reverse entropy
Envoy were equivalent to adding fuel to
the fire it made an already pirate
Technic atmosphere even more intense
when this news spread out through the
live
broadcast it also caused the 10,000
rac's audience to argue and discuss the
largest flame of civilization ever my
God I didn't expect the gold content of
this 10,000 Clans Heavens Pride battle
to be so high take the crown it has to
be a
championship our tying Clan shuu is at
the eighth level of the domain there's a
lot of hope this is our blood moon
Clan's chance hijack will definitely be
able to take the title little Marshall
Saint definitely has a chance to win the
title believe in him he will definitely
be able to create a miracle under the
expectant gaze of the audience of the
10,000 races of the universe the first
battle of the Elite 8 is about to begin
luu and
yuyuan both stepped onto the ring after
the reverse entropy and voice
incitement the atmosphere was completely
ignited but the duo and the ring were
still quite calm your human race is
Despicable so I will be careful and
careful again you Yuan looked at luu and
spoke
indifferently you don't need to think
about winning by those gimmicks it's
futle at this stage the only thing that
matters is true strength he said this
just by reaching out and lifting his
hand the entire domain was transformed
into a dark
Battlefield within the domain the light
disappeared completely and utterly it
was a dead blackness he quickly blended
into this darkness and disappeared
completely F Shu Shu Sho Shu in the dark
field countless ghostly Shadows from all
directions pounced towards luu each
ghostly Shadow possessed extremely
powerful strength and if an ordinary
strong person was entangled in close
proximity he was afraid that he would be
torn into pieces in minutes because of
the special nature of the heavens Pride
Battle Ring although L you couldn't see
anything the heavens Pride
outside as well as the spectators of the
10,000 races of the universe were able
to clearly see this image seeing this
scene many of the human race
Spectators could not help but exclaim in
shock this was the Holy Spirit Clan
yuan's domain killing move 10,000 ghosts
walking at night above the ring luu
Advanced without retreating and swung
his sword pul returned to the ruins the
sword light blossomed like countless
streams of light instantly tearing apart
hundreds of ghostly
Shadows these ghostly
Shadows however seemed to possess the
undead trait the moment they were
chopped up by luu's sword light they
quickly fused and transformed into new
ghostly Shadows that continued to pounce
and even some of the ghost ghostly
Shadows absorbed the might of that sword
light and became even more
ferocious this sword return to ruin was
already terrifying enough in its power
luu is even used to pure fire to the
state of perfection it was enough to
fight against domain
deang but Yu yuan's Maro ghost prison
seemed to be somewhat restraining luu
even if the sword light stirred up more
ghostly Shadows they still
resurrected there's no end to the
killing
there's no end to the killing this scene
caused the faces of many human
Spectators to change slightly and a
trace of an unpleasant premonition arose
in their hearts The Spectators of the
Holy Spirit tribe on the other hand were
all invigorated when they saw this scene
yes Yu yuan's domain just happens to
restrain this luu just wear him down
steadily and you'll win right absolutely
no close combat haha there's a good
chance of winning nope how is he still
so calm yeah why can you be so calm in
the eyes of all the spectators Lu you
walks in this sun Lua ghost prison as if
walking
leisurely appearing exceptionally calm a
sword returned to the ruins of The
Chopping out see the effect is not big
he will once again raise the long sword
in his hand this sword was named
chopping evil in an instant the sword
bloomed with dazzling light like a
brilliant sun countless channels of
golden light quickly formed a Golden
Chain piercing through the ghostly
shadows and fixing them all in place
unable to move in the darkness Yu yuan's
figure appeared and his face changed
vigorously what kind of Sword move is
this
he could clearly feel that under the
illumination of this round of brilliant
sun the entire realm was affected in
some way true enough luu raised his head
and looked at yuyuan in midair in the
distance murmuring
softly this sword of mine the evil
beheading specializes in restraining
this type of domain of yours it's really
unlucky for you to meet me after a long
time using this sword to cut down evil
Again luu's Play was obviously quite a
bit better than the last time afterward
luu did not hesitate and directly swung
his sword kill the evil a round of
brilliant sun directly smashed over in
an instant neither the ghostly Shadows
nor the maral ghostly prison could stop
this great sun in the slightest like
snow being melted the ghosts and shadows
quickly turned into a puddle of black
water and and then even more directly
evaporated
restraint thoroughly
restrained in the corner of the Ring Yu
yuan's face was incomparably ugly as he
desperately maneuvered his domain and
frantically resisted this great sun it's
like water against fire barely bared the
incomparably Intense Collision
constantly produced a numbing sound the
Maro ghost prison and this round of
brilliant sun frantically sparring
against each other to consume under the
constant sparring in
consumption in the end it was the
eight-fold domain s luo ghost prison
that was Superior the fields were all
mostly shredded but a win is a win
yuyuan was
overjoyed
haaha nothing more than that this great
round of your son is nothing more than
that yuyuan laughed openly and
maniacally but when he raised his head
is jaw dropped and he was
dumbfounded however he saw luu not far
away lifting The Sword in his hand and
above that sword there were nine rounds
of brilliant Suns one round of big sun
doesn't work then nine more rounds yuu
on chapter 197 crushing stance advancing
to the final four nine rounds of
brilliant sun Shone throughout the ring
yuyuan opened his mouth as a sense of
powerlessness came over him he
completely did not expect that after he
desperately used the moral ghost prison
to cancel out a round of great Suns the
opposite side had once again condensed
great Suns and there was more than one
it was directly nine rounds of great
Suns beat the out of him yuyuan was
directly numb for a moment he broke his
defenses a bit originally
he was still thinking that his Moro
ghost prison just restrained luu's way
of Flesh without a domain thinking that
he should be able to win this battle
easily things started out in that
direction as well as long as L you can't
find him consumption can also consume
luu to death who knew that luu would
backhandedly use a sword technique that
restrained him how can this be fun as
expected of a supreme Heavenly Pride of
the seventh level of the domain to be
able to withstand the might of this
round of my great son luu couldn't help
but sigh in admiration as he looked at
The Wretched
yuyuan hearing these words Yu yuan's
face instantly stiffened where was this
praising him it was clearly humiliating
him such praise was more difficult for
him than outright insults it's just to
kill and to put to death seeing that Yu
Yuan didn't reply either and really
became mute Lu you felt bored he had
said it all before never become mute
when you're about to lose it's kind of
an early shot in the arm but it was
clear that yuyuan didn't look like he
was listening at this moment he probably
didn't even think that his defeat came
from a gap in strength rather he felt
that luu's sword which was used to cut
down evil just happened to restrain him
and that was why he ended up in such a
situation but the problem was that luu's
bottom card his Marshall golden pill
hadn't been utilized until now but luu
naturally wouldn't use his bottom card
just to make you Yuan lose he couldn't
do such a stupid thing now try again to
see if you can resist these nine Great
sons at the same time luu said
indifferently then chopped down with a
sword boom nine Great sons smashed down
carrying the energy of destroying
everything and Yu yuan's domain was
instantly completely torn apart ceasing
to exist completely
luu
Victory successful in the
quarterfinals after taking the match luu
quickly steps out of the ring the gazes
of many Celestial Pride were almost all
placed on his body congratulations on
defeating you youan so easily when Lu
walked down the tyin clan shuu suddenly
opened her mouth thanks a lot luu was
slightly stunned not expecting this shuu
to suddenly speak to
himself in fact he didn't take the
victory to heart this yuyuan wasn't
particularly strong and he wasn't even
able to force out his own bottom card it
was too easy a win to even feel a sense
of
accomplishment there is of course
restraint but even without restraint luu
is also sure to win a crushing Victory
into the final four little Marshall
Saint is in the top four that's too much
momentum is there really a chance to win
the
championship before the opening of the
top 16 battle most of the audience's
expectation of luu was that it would be
enough to take a ray of the flame of
civilization and as for Something Like A
Champion it was just too far
away however when luu killed the star
feather Clan's Heavenly Pride snow moon
with a single sword strike a bold
thought was born in the hearts of all
the tribal
spectators at this moment the idea of
beheading the Holy Spirit Race's Supreme
Heavenly Pride again was even more
intense so far luu had killed his way
into the quarterfinals
so the
championship is it still far away
there's a real
chance next just win two more fights in
tomorrow's battle but all viewers are
well aware of how difficult it is to win
the title shuu of the tyin clan as well
as hijack of the blood moon Clan were
both existences that the eighth level of
the realm it's so hard to win didn't you
just restrain luu
how did you suddenly get
restrained
despicable this luu is also too
despicable at this moment when the
spectators of the Holy Spirit Clan saw
the scene each and every one of them was
a little
heartbroken screaming about the
unfairness of this duel amidst all the
discussion the second match of the Elite
8 began Karen of the beaching Clan
versus Saku Yuki of the tyin clan
without any
suspense the tyin clan
Shu easily won in the third and fourth
games hijack and tyu won
successively at this point all of the
top four spots are out human luu tyin
Clan Solstice blood moon Clan
hijacking chaos ancient Clan tyu and
that's the end of today's game we'll
have to wait until tomorrow to to
determine the final winner among the top
four players in terms of paper strength
shuu and hijack were a bit stronger both
being at the eighth level of the domain
tyu wasn't too bad at the peak of the
seventh level of the domain only half a
step away from breaking through to the
eighth level of the domain only
luu on paper was a bit off however his
body was extremely terrifying and his
ability to fight in close combat was
even more frightening to everyone to
this point there isn't a weakling left
in the final four the 10,000 races
Heavens Pride battle came to an abrupt
end and The Spectators of the 10,000
races of the universe could be tickled
to death for a while and many of them
even lost sleep as a result the major
online forums were also a bloody mess
for many this is the moment of Reckoning
before this many people didn't think
highly of luu thinking that he was at
most a top eight
Powerhouse and if he was unlucky enough
to encounter an absolute Heavenly Pride
right off the bat he might not even make
it into the top eight although there is
not much basis but still analyze the
head no reason to say a three that's
normal there is always a shortage of
people on the internet who like to go
against the grain and gain
attention as a result now that luu had
easily killed his way into the
quarterfinals these posts were naturally
dug up and flawed below that is a clear
question mark and all sorts of
flirtatious remarks owner all eyes on me
I'm a sand pen don't play dead
owner come out and get beaten come out
and bark again and listen in addition to
the
liquidation there were various
discussions who will win the ultimate
championship and what will happen when
the final four are drawn tyin Clan
shuu blood moon Clan
hijack chaos ancient clan tyu of these
three absolute Heavenly Prides tyu
strength was a bit on the weak side if
luu could draw him it would obviously be
the best outcome
however with only a one-third
probability it's
unlikely and even if you're lucky in dra
taisu you'll still end up having to face
either hijack or
sukuya if you want to win the title then
you have to beat them head-on in the
middle of the quiet room for tomorrow's
game luu did not slacken off in the
slightest and continued his
Enlightenment
cultivation this martial arts path of
ginan although the most suitable path
for luu so that his current strength
enhanced by more than a little bit but
ultimately it is a well less than
perfect path there are still many things
that need to be perfected by luu the
founder most things that is when there
are
advantages there are
disadvantages and it is impossible to
just take the benefits and not be
responsible since it takes a path that
no one has traveled before being the
first to eat the crab it managed to
resonate with the ocean of rules and
thanks to that it skyrocketed in
strength then
accordingly he would be responsible for
perfecting this Marshall golden Dan path
chapter 198 Lucky Draw kill the
final discovering a brand new path is
hard perfecting a road is even more
difficult good on luu is open for
business with the help of the tiue
immortal cells and the tiue defra of
Dharma pill it was generally quite
smooth in the blink of an eye a day had
passed on the second day after the
prompts appeared before his eyes luu did
not hesitate for a second and rushed to
the fourth level of the dueling field
the semi-finals haven't even started yet
all the races of the Universe on
countless living planets The Spectators
of different races almost coincidentally
looked over the broadcast started long
ago and the hosts are analyzing the
strengths and weaknesses of the top four
contestants And discussing who will win
the final
championship human
communities countless viewers have
opened the live
broadcast seeing that those few hosts
are still
bullshitting they can't help but spit
out finished hurry up and start ah I'm
in a hurry in the heroes of dashia chat
group it's about to start the
semi-finals of the 10,000 Clans Heavens
Pride battle are about to begin coming
coming finally I was up all last night
waiting for today's game me too so
excited I can't sleep at all
big brother is just too Fierce the
fourth level of the dueling field brush
Lou you appeared here in this empty
space there were now only four Heavens
Pride he still remembered that not long
ago the participants of the 10,000 races
of the universe a full 100,000 or so
Heavenly Prides we mixing it up on the
final Battlefield of the first level and
it was a hilarious sight
now after several rounds of
elimination only four Heavenly Prides
remained and today is the final showdown
from within these four Heavenly Prides
the ultimate Victor will be decided who
gets the last laugh
luu or is it Saku Yuki or maybe
hijacking taso soon above the ring the
draw begins the results of the
semi-final draw are as follows Dash
battle one tyin clan shuu versus blood
moon Clans
hijacking battle two luu of the human
race versus tyu of the chaos ancient
race as soon as the results of the draw
came out the blood moon Clan's absolute
Pride
hijack immediately widened his eyes and
immediately shouted it's not fair it's
not fair
what makes two strong ones draw together
in two weak ones as soon as these words
came out the chaos ancient racist tiu
immediately furrowed his brows and asked
with some
dissatisfaction what do you mean by
letting the two weak ones be drawn
together hijack said lightly I didn't
say who was strong and who was weak but
you brought it in
automatically so how can you blame me
tyo the reasoning is really this though
he he didn't want to admit it but he did
feel that drawing luu was the best
result those two domain eights were
clearly stronger but the thing is it
still irks him to be pointed out
directly I don't want to lose face but
the Blood Moon Clan's robbery was really
unforgiving he glanced coldly at tyu and
then at luu and said count yourselves
both lucky I can't help but laugh at the
thought of one of you two mixing it up
for the finals but this is your last
luck it's only a runner up no way to win
the
championship enjoy this last luck when
luu heard these words he spoke directly
are you in a hurry because you're afraid
that you won't win and won't make it to
the finals taisu also spoke up haha I
think that's it as soon as these words
came out hijack instantly turned his
head to look at luu I just think that
the strongest battle should be placed in
the finals don't you think so the final
is not the strongest battle and I'm
afraid the audience of all the races in
the universe are not enjoying themselves
enough right
unfortunately your luck is too good luu
narrowed his eyes and said lightly I
said before I hope you can wash your
neck and wait for me don't even get in
the the finals that would be a Pity haha
hearing this robbery couldn't help but
laugh you're going into the finals first
with that he turned his head away and
got into the ring little brother I will
help you in him at this time sukuya
suddenly spoke when the draw for the
semi-finals came out the 10,000 races
are seething the human Community cheered
even more the best draws are out with a
one-third
probability it really let Lou you draw a
winner that's luck that's really good
it's not a good thing to underestimate
your opponent
though however it was undeniable that
the chaos ancient Clans tyu was the one
that was the best to solve but to win
the title luck alone is clearly not
enough even if they squeak into the
finals they'll still end up having to
face one of hijack and
sukuya the first battle of the
semi-final started soon after it was a
very good fight no doubt about it shuu's
domain mirror flower water moon and the
robbers domain five elements Mirage
realm were constantly colliding and they
were on par with each other for a while
the domain broke through to the seventh
level and each level after that was a
Heavenly barrier seventh weight domain
great
fulfillment the eighth level the summit
ninth the world takes shape even though
the chaotic ancient racist tyu was only
half a step away from breaking through
to the eighth level of the realm this
half step made him feel a wave of
Despair the difference is too great
fortunately
fortunately his opponent was luu
however even if one could win against
luu what should one do against these two
opponents the championship is still Out
Of Reach unless I can break through to
the eighth level as well thinking like
this tyu hungrily watched the battle
between the two supreme celestials
trying to draw inspiration from their
domains and find a direction to break
through to the eighth Gravity the two
sides fought for a full hour and in the
end it was hijack who was Superior and
managed to defeat the tyin clan
shuu killing him in the finals so it
seems that this guy is so arrogant he
still has arrogant capital in the
original timeline he might have been the
champion of this Heaven Pride battle
soon the Second Battle began in this
battle luu still didn't reveal his
bottom card so he fought with a slight
struggle but in the end he still won at
the last moment of the battle luu could
clearly feel that his opponent had had
an epiphany and was about to make a
breakthrough
originally tyu was already at the peak
of the seventh level of the domain and
was still close to breaking through to
the eighth level after watching the peak
duel between hijack and
sukuya there were some
epiphanies if luu gave him some time he
might really be able to make a
breakthrough in battle but Lu you didn't
give him that chance the moment he was
about to break through he was directly
decapitated forc inch stops after tyu
was eliminated from the game he was late
even though he still broke through to
the eighth level of the domain damn it
what's to stop me from breaking through
once I break through I'm sure I'll make
it to the finals tyu clenched his teeth
in dismay clearly on the verge of a
breakthrough but fell before the final
if he managed to break through and win
against luu then he didn't have a chance
in the final his kingdom of mixed
elements was considered a type of domain
that was more restrained against
hijacker five elements illusion realm
damn human brat tyu was Furious for a
moment what's the point of losing to
hijack when you eliminated me you still
have a grudge against him might as well
let me win I'd like to take a good look
at how you lost chapter9 the strongest
matchup the battle at the top 10,000
Clans Heavens Pride battle level four
the final showdown Arena at this moment
there was only one person left below the
ring the blood moon Clans hijack he
looked above the ring in Surprise then
couldn't help but let out a loud laugh
haahahaha when tyu was about to break
through to the eighth level of the
domain hijack admitted that he was
slightly
flustered because Ty's country of mixed
elements just restrained his own five
elements illusionary realm only
previously it was a tear off so it
wasn't tricky yet however if he broke
through to the eighth level of the
domain even if he had only just broken
through
he would still be extremely difficult to
deal with such a stumbling block that
should have been on the way to winning
the title a new variable was
surprisingly eliminated by luu at this
moment how can you not make him laugh
out loud the original thought was that
he hoped luu would beat some things out
of tyu and remove some obstacles for
himself but of course winning would be
even better who knew that it really gave
Ta Su
elimination and also eliminated him when
he was about to break through to the
eighth level of the domain this really
made hijack a little tense good good
good so it seems that the destiny is
mine the champion of this 10,000 Clans
Heavens Pride battle should rightfully
belong to me for a moment hijack laughed
uncontrollably laughed with Abandon All
triumphant and came close to popping
champagne at halftime after all in his
opinion a tyu who had broken through to
the eighth level of the domain and also
happened to restrain himself was
obviously much more tricky even if Lu
you was indeed a nuisance but relatively
speaking it was much much better above
the ring
luu who had just eliminated
taisu couldn't help but be slightly
stunned when he saw that hijack was
actually smiling so happily of course he
couldn't Poss possibly be happy about
the fact that he had made it into the
finals but rather he felt that he had
eliminated a formidable Foe for him and
felt that the champion of the heavens
Pride battle was already Within Reach
which was why he was so happy that's
close to starting the celebration early
what a rampant guy this seems to be the
character of
hijack this is true no matter when
facing any
opponent but he does have the ER
arrogance to be arrogant if luu hadn't
broken through to the Marshall dajin Dam
realm there really wasn't any way to
take him as for now the winner is still
unknown just a simple rest the 10,000
races Heaven's Pride battle the final
showdown was about to begin just then
the counter entropy Envoy appeared above
the ring for the second time he lowered
his head as if he was looking at you or
as if he was looking at
hijack or as if he was looking at the
audience of all the races in the
universe he then gently raised his palm
and the scene around him quickly changed
the original simple ring quickly
expanded and turned into a floating
island beyond the floating island there
was actually a cosmic vacuum the entire
floating island wrapped in a special
energy this is the site of the final
showdown
as soon as you fall off the floating
island you're sucked into the cosmic
vacuum and automatically
eliminated the reverse entropy Envoy
spoke out to explain and then his voice
became slightly louder appearing
impassioned next The Final Duel of this
10,000 races Heaven Pride battle is
about to begin this battle will
determine the ownership of the largest
strand of civilization's flame this Ray
of civilization is more than the second
through 10th places com combined it
belongs to the ultimate winner to the
ultimate winner of this great world
struggle whether it's the robber from
the blood moon Clan or luu from the
human Clan their strengths are both
extremely
outstanding in the past they would have
had a chance to get the champion of the
10,000 Clans Heavens Pride battle but
even so only one of them could have
laughed in the end all right I'll cut
the crap as well the strongest Duel of
this Cosmic 10,000 racist Heavens Pride
battle will begin
immediately
brush as soon as the words fell reverse
entropy made it disappear into thin air
on top of the empty floating island only
two remained luu and
hijack without the slightest
hesitation hijack directly opened his
domain the five elements of Illusion in
just an instant the floating island
transformed into into a normal World
scene haack's ambition was great and the
five elements of the Illusion in fact
represented the five rule
attributes he attempted to use this to
break through the way of the world and
make the illusion real after the
domain's great
accomplishment hijack painstakingly
cultivated and broke through to the
eighth level of the domain which already
had a little hint of the five elements
World however we are not not there yet
so we can only call it the five elements
illusionary realm for the time being
welcome to my world hijack smiled
faintly he who was about to walk towards
the championship looked courteous and
polite and at this moment he was even in
the mood to explain for luu this five
elements illusion of mine has five
attributes of attack gold wood
water fire and Earth
however among these five
attributes there are truths and
falsehoods so you need to screen them
carefully as hijack spoke luu instantly
disappeared in place and suddenly
appeared behind hijack directly chopping
out with a sword pus the head of the
robber rolled straight to the
ground however the head that rolled to
the ground was still wearing a winning
Smile as if mocking Lou us in
iian that head which fell to the ground
continued to speak I said that in this
five elements illusionary realm there
are truths and
falsehoods and that you need to be
careful in your
screening so why didn't you listen only
after the words were said the body that
had its head sliced off instantly
exploded boom Dash a mushroom cloud Rose
after the extremely horrible violent
explosion the explosion was so extensive
that it affected almost half of the
floating island even Lu you was unable
to dodge back and was caught in the wave
it didn't hurt but being in the middle
of an explosion was more or less a mess
after he came out of the explosion crisp
Applause suddenly appeared behind him
and soon the Applause became dense like
a mountain or a sea coming at him headon
your flesh is really something
this attack can't help you at all but
next I'm going to get real it's time to
end this boring farce luu turned around
and instantly saw countless hijacks at a
glance there were at least tens of
thousands of them too dense to count
they raised their heads at the same time
looked at luu at the same time and spoke
at the same time this scene which was
extremely bizarre and
spectacular made one scalp tingle at the
realm of the eighth level of the domain
the number of means and the power of the
means were indeed
breathtaking the tens of thousands of
hijacks looked at luu smiled slightly
and asked thus just now one explosion
can't solve you but guess what kind of
effect will there be if these tens of
thousands of me explode at the same time
your flesh can you still resist
quantitative changes produce qualitative
changes the terrifying explosion of tens
of thousands of jinxes was impossible
for even luu to
withstand okay the explosion is going to
start tens of thousands of robbers
laughed rampantly Lu you just ready to
retreat suddenly alerted to the wrong
behind a suction actually do not know
when has retreated to the edge of the
floating island cliff
these words of hijack Were Meant to make
him step on his feet and Retreat to the
vacuum of the universe if that is the
case it will be eliminated outright the
tens of thousands of robbers saw that
luu didn't take the bait and all of them
showed regretful eyes what a shame what
a shame what a shame what a shame what a
Pity tens of thousands of robbers spoke
at the same time I've seen the power of
the eighth level of the domain luu
suddenly spoke oh are you going to admit
defeat then tens of thousands of robbers
asked at the same time no luu shook his
head slightly I'm going to get real too
getting real tens of thousands of
robbers laughed out loud at the same
time you still have Dash chapter 200 a
brand new road to martial arts the human
Community shook those tens of thousands
of robberies were just about to laugh at
what qualifications luu had saying the
words to get real as a result the words
came to an abrupt end before they were
finished tens of thousands of robbers
looked at the scene in front of them in
amazement what's this however when he
saw luu's body a martial arts golden
pill slowly flew out above that Marshall
da golden pill countless complicated
inscriptions were sealed at the moment
each inscription bloomed with a
brilliant light when these rays of light
Shone over they actually dispersed part
of his five elements illusion
treasure no this isn't a treasure at all
hijack knitted his brows he could
clearly sense that this golden Dan was
extraordinary the inscriptions engraved
on it were not part of the treasure it
was more like the inscriptions on top of
the Dharma body but the problem was that
it was clearly similar in nature but it
gave them a feeling that was
diametrically opposite this is another
path of
cultivation a guess was born in hijacks
mind as a person who had cultivated the
domain that could only be grasped by the
seventh realm to the eighth level during
the fifth realm period Hick's
cultivation Talent was one of only a
handful of existences in the entire
scope of the
universe in just an instant he could see
some hint of what was to come the
guesses at this moment are more than
eight or nine in the
meantime human
communities when the robber exerted his
domain he toyed with luu as soon as he
came up and then he almost tricked him
out of the floating island the gap
between the two was clearly felt by all
viewers when facing the seventh level of
the domain luu still appeared to be at
ease
and with the advantage of his physical
body he fought steadily and eventually
won over his opponent and entered the
final however when facing the eighth
level of the domain the gap between the
two sides became significantly larger
many Spectators saw the scene and
inevitably felt a wave of Despair
thinking that luu's Miracle might be
coming to an
end however just at this time a sudden
change occurred Lu U who had retreated
to the edge of the cliff suddenly had a
golden bead appear inside his body it
was an Indescribable and incomparably
subtle Golden Pearl with countless tiny
inscriptions engraved on it blossoming
with a radiant light that could actually
dispel the five elements illusion of
robbery all the human Spectators
couldn't help but stare with wide eyes
and couldn't help but exclaim in shock
what's that what a trick in the previous
matches
the little Marshall Saint didn't even
use it this is the little Marshall
Saints bottom card right this must be
the little Marshall Saints hidden card
for a long time
outrageous it took until the finals to
pull out the
undercard little Marshall Saint is also
too
tolerant at this moment most of the
ordinary Spectators had not yet realized
what was truly powerful about this
Marshall Dow golden pill some of the
Marshall Kings and Marshall Emperors
watching the match on the other hand had
detected the clues each and every one of
them couldn't help but furled their
brows as they stared at that Marshall da
golden pill what's this not a
treasure yes the inscriptions are of a
different nature it's more like an
inscription on the body of the law
inscriptions on the body of the law
could it be that at this moment
hundreds of Marshall Emperors in the
human Community were shaken all of them
looking at the Marshall da golden Dan in
the live broadcast screen in
astonishment because they gradually
realized what this golden Dan really was
it represents a very different way of
cultivation a marshall path that had
never existed before for such a long
time how many amazingly talented martial
arts Masters had explored the path of
martial arts and had already thoroughly
mapped out their cultivation all the way
through and there was simply no such
thing as A New Path however at this
moment luu is actually showing a new
possibility how could this not make
people excited the road is not yet
perfect but it is still stunning The
Marshall Emperor stared at luu in the
screen the shock they felt at the moment
was hard to describe in words this brand
new cultivation path was it discovered
by the Marshall Saint or did he discover
it if it was discovered by Marshall St
Lu Chang Chang although it was
surprising it was still within their
range of
acceptance after all Marshall Saints had
created too many miracles and it wasn't
strange to discover another cultivation
path but what about luu how old is he
it's only 4 years old this year it was
only three Realms before four it was
only by utilizing the special mechanism
of the first level of the 10,000 Clans
Heavens Pride battle that he had broken
through to the fifth realm cultivating
for just two years to discover a whole
new way of
cultivation no way absolutely not this a
new cultivation system outside of the
reverse entropy Mystic realm Fong Guang
the president of blue star
University couldn't help but stay
thereare almost unable to believe his
eyes
sya
gaan by yujing and the others on the
side froze for a moment when they heard
this what did you say
principal this golden bead it's a whole
new way of
cultivation what how is this possible
principal Fong Guang slowly nodded his
head and said with a cautious expression
on his face if my guess is correct what
this golden bead represents is the
Dharma body realm after the golden body
realm Lui is taken a path a different
path of cultivation from the past sword
Emperor Xiao W yuan's residence xia
onean who was watching the live
broadcast looked at the Marshall da
golden pill and quickly reacted a new
cultivation system this is the
cultivation system he discovered on his
own Xiao Jing who was by the side
couldn't help but stare with wide eyes
when he heard this what did you say Dad
Xiao wuan then pointed at the golden
Elixir and explained slightly with Xiao
Jing this is the cultivation system
discovered by Big Brother Xiao Jing
blinked his eyes and asked with some
disbelief yes he should be the one who
discovered it Xiao wuan nodded
slowly why couldn't it be uncle luu who
found out Xiao Jing subconsciously asked
xiaoan yuan's Vision was so poisonous
that he saw the many details at a glance
and determined that it was luu who had
created this cultivation path
confronting Xiao Jing he gave an
explanation the reason is simple if it
was discovered by Lu Chong xong then
this road it wouldn't be so simple
rudimentary Xiao Jing was a bit
surprised he couldn't see anything
rudimentary at all it's too
rudimentary too rough there are many
imperfections if it's with lu Ching's
ability once he discovers a new way of
cultivation he'll surely be able to
quickly perfect it but now this new
cultivation path clearly has many
flaws so it must be luu who discovered
this golden Dan way saying this a faint
smile appeared at the corner of xiaan
yuan's mouth I didn't expect it I really
didn't expect it l you would actually
give him such a big
surprise originally this final the gap
between the two sides can be described
as a cloud of difference it was too hard
for luu to win but now the winners and
losers are not yet known a new way to
practice above the floating island
hijack knit his brows the original face
of calmness and
self-confidence the color of Victory
quickly
disappeared and what appeared instead
was an incomparably grave look feel the
tricky nature of that martial arts
golden pill hijek suddenly let out a
loud
laugh
originally I thought you were frail and
insufficient but I didn't expect you to
give me such to big
surprise that's right this final
showdown of the 10,000 Clans Heavens
Pride battle should be Sensational and
exciting come battle chapter 2011
strongest moves duel the wondrous use of
the Marshall golden pill the blood moon
plants hijack is arrogant cunning cocky
and above board he looked down on the
vast majority of Heaven's Pride but as
the topmost Heaven's Pride he naturally
did not lack that blood lust at this
moment when he saw luu reveal his bottom
card after a short period of dismay he
was not surprised but pleased
instead his fighting Spirit grew higher
and higher what about a brand new path
of
cultivation the eighth level of the
domain the power of the peak could crush
any opponent whether it's shuay of the
tyin tribe or luu of the human tribe
they are all just stepping stones for me
in an instant the five elements illusion
realm vibrated vaguely invoking the
power of Heaven and Earth as if it was
going to come out of a world way with a
hint of making reality out of Illusion
see this scene the powerful people from
the various races of the universe
couldn't help but Marvel out ha a Peak
eight-fold domain hiddenly invoking the
power of Heaven and Earth about to step
out of the way of the world it's truly
Heaven defying if we let him take the
last step then we'll be able to enter
the ninth level of the domain no wonder
he was able to defeat the tyin clan
shuu that battle wasn't luck at all it
was
strength even if it were to happen a
hundred more times it would still be the
same result
that's
strong yes that little Marshall saint of
the human race
likewise actually stepping out on a
whole new path of
cultivation yes both of them are very
anticlimactic no wonder before the
reverse entropy Envoy said that whether
it's hijacked from the blood moon Clan
or luu from the human Clan their
strengths are both extremely
outstanding if they were placed in the
usual situation ation they would both be
able to get the
championship haha I thought that was
polite but I didn't realize that the
reverse entropy Envoy had already seen
it
wonderful this final showdown of the
10,000 Clans Heaven Pride battle is
really wonderful luu couldn't help but
Smile as he felt the changes in the
realm which vaguely had a hint of the
flavor of the world compared to the
Guardians of the ninth level of the blue
star University's trial secret realm
this wasn't even a world not even close
the moment the light that blossomed
after the Marshall Dow golden pill
revealed its Majesty formed a small
world of its own this was equivalent to
a kind of mini domain that excluded
hijacks five elements
illusion however completely different
from ordinary
domains this side of the small world
there is no special attack everything is
luu's main FOC Focus for him to increase
the full range of
attributes this nature on the contrary
was similar to wy's True Marshall space
but this is just one of the changing
Natures as the first person to eat crabs
having just set foot on this new path
although luu had gained a lot through
the Resonance of the ocean of rules
there were still many imperfections in
the end so far he's only summarized
three attacks one the Wuda Jinan power
was
externalized forming a structure similar
to a domain which could counteract with
the domain and not fall into the
embarrassment of not having a domain two
use the Wuda Jinan as a weapon and
directly smash people there was no need
to worry about damage to the Marshall
golden Dan it was not the golden Dan of
an immortal
cultivator once it was damaged
there would be no source of power Liu
was on the path of becoming a saint with
his physical body and his physical body
was the root even if the Marshall golden
pill was damaged it would just be
damaged and it would just take a little
bit of time to coales another one out
moreover the Marshall golden pill had
densely engraved inscriptions on it
almost equal to an inscription attack
and it could not be damaged that easily
third the Ganan enters the abdomen
catalyzing the operation in the body
releasing the power of the martial arts
Ganan to the greatest extent possible
and enhancing the attributes of speed
strength
defense and so on to the greatest extent
possible with the power of the Marshall
golden Dan the white Jade Wind and Fire
will under luu's feet rotated crazily
and his speed immediately sore by a
large margin and he struck with the
strongest sword Paul returned to the
ruins
previously this sword in the battle
against Yu Yuan sen luo ghost prison did
not display too good an effect but it
did not mean that this sword was not
powerful enough it just happened to be
that the domain effect restrained it at
this moment in time as the five elements
illusion of the hijacker swung out a
terrifying might spread unchecked this
sort of ending everything and destroying
everything even the eighth level of the
domain was somewhat
overwhelmed with one sword it almost cut
the entire field in half those tens of
thousands of robberies being completely
churned up were nothing more than a
bunch of
Shadows just in vain without even the
slightest
resistance and directly turned into a
bubble not bad for a sword the shadow of
the robber
reappeared and he fatly commented before
raising his arm in an instant the world
Shook and the attacks of the five
attributes of gold wood
water fire and Earth were all revealed
among the countless attacks there were
Illusions and real ones smoke bombs and
real master Strokes the dense L packed
attacks had completely locked luu in
place can't avoid it can't hide luu felt
the attacks around him and knew clearly
that this was the real deal if he only
relied on this imperfect Gan Dan domain
he definitely wouldn't be able to block
this allout strike without the slightest
hesitation luu immediately utilized the
second attack of the Ganan
smash then there was no fancy way to
slam it boom earpiercing Sonic booms
exploded in his ears with just an
extremely simple smash the domain space
Shook and even directly tore open a gap
then this golden Dan charged directly
across the field and the cracks in the
field grew bigger and bigger and more
and more as if it wanted to stir up the
robbers field in this way these torn
open Fishers could not be recovered in a
short period of time and if they
continued to tear wider the entire field
would be difficult to
maintain at this moment robbery had two
choices one was to stop this rampaging
golden Dan and not let the crack in the
domain continue to spread or else it
would be too late and the other was to
go For Broke regardless of the
subsequent effects of the domain being
torn apart and contined to go and kill
luu in a mere zero 01 seconds hijack
made his choice he chose to go on to
kill luu
Rumble countless attacks overlapped with
each other the five attributes were born
with each other and the power was
suddenly on a higher level vaguely
having a hint of the flavor of the power
of
rules without a doubt this was the
strongest killing move of the robber in
the face of such a powerful attack luu
naturally did not dare to slow down and
immediately released the sword prison as
a defense
however the sword prison had just been
formed when it was turned apart by the
five Elemental attribute attacks
immediately afterward luu was instantly
engulfed boom boom boom boom at the same
time the entire five elements of the
illusion has been luu's martial arts
Ganan smashed to Pieces the field is the
Phantom of the advancement of the
derivation the field was stirred up
the robbery is equally bad poo hijack
spat out a mouth full of blood hastily
suppressing the boiling Chi and blood in
his body as he stared dead on at the
center of the
battlefield this time you should be dead
right the smoke and dust in the sky
quickly dispersed luu carrying his sword
came out from inside the whole person
was transformed into a bloody man but
his pair of eyes were still bright and
his power was increasing instead of
decreasing not a bad attack luu grinned
and commented so seeing this scene even
though hijack had long known that luu's
fleshly body was incomparably terrifying
there was still a rush of scalp
numbness this is my strongest attack
hijack stared at luu and death and
couldn't help but murmur this actually
didn't even die chapter 202 take it down
winner of the 10,000 Clans Heavens Pride
battle the five Elemental attribute
attacks of the robberies were indeed
formidable but luu still carried them
off his fleshly body being strong enough
was part of it and there was also the
effect of the equipment and the secret
medicines this full Armament of supreme
treasure plus heavy treasure plus secret
treasure was not obvious when the gap
between the two sides was too large but
when the two sides were equal their
roles came to the Forefront reducing
luu's injuries by a lot in addition
there are all kinds of extremely high
quality secret
medicines after these days of testing
wooxy can only eat one kind of two and
then take it again will have no effect
or even have the opposite effect but for
Lu U there is not so much to talk about
his physical body was strong enough to
take on the operation of a dozen or so
secret medicines at the same time and if
there was a status bar in the game there
would probably be a row or even two rows
of status gains on luu at this moment
with the augmentation of so many Buffs
this attack from hijack which was enough
to destroy any J Dynasty Heavenly Pride
only caused him to suffer a small
superficial wound it wasn't even as bad
as churning the field and the internal
injuries that hijack was suffering at
the moment were severe what is the name
of this move of yours luu looked towards
hijack and opened his mouth to ask
extreme intent five
elements hijack replied with an ugly
face he knew very well how terrifying
the power of this move was the five
Elemental attribute attacks generated
and destroyed each other vaguely having
a hint of the power of rules this was
already a peak attack within the realm
even the shuu of the tyin clan was
defeated by this strike
as a result luu was hit head-on but he
only suffered some superficial
wounds what a joke this was really an
unprecedented blow to Rob's confidence
the name is good and so is the move luu
nodded as he smiled and said next you
try this move of mine saying so luu
swallowed the Marshall da golden pill in
one gulp a golden Elixir is swallowed
into the belly and then I realize that
my destiny is not in the hands of God no
wrong line but it means pretty much the
same thing the golden Elixir entered the
abdomen and operated extremely fast in
luu's body luu's various attributes
soared by a large margin at this moment
in addition to the substantial increase
in attributes such as strength speed
defense physique
and spirit there are also the five
senses sight
hearing smell taste and touch in all
directions and the enhancement of The
Sixth Sense extra sensory
perception the moment luu sensed the
vague peering of eyes in a distant piece
of space it was a robbery hidden in a
field it should be where he is meant to
be boom beneath luu's feet
the white Jade Wind and Fire will spun
crazily his speed instantly surging to a
terrifying degree the moment he charged
over without the slightest hesitation
luu directly swung his sword in a chop
Paul returned to the ruins as this sword
chopped out it was as if space was going
to be sliced open and the entire realm
shook hidden in the middle of the field
hijack frowned how is that possible I
can't believe I got caught in the major
star fields of the
universe among the many ethnic groups
countless powerhouses looked at this
scene in
astonishment hijacks extreme intent five
elements which already vaguely has the
flavor of the power of rules
surprisingly still can't help this human
kid extreme intent five elements it's
already considered the strongest move
within the realm to be carried down hard
this defense is too
terrifying ha luu of the human race
actually discovered hijacks Hiding Place
how did you find out it should be the
effect of swallowing that golden pill
there's actually this kind of wonderful
use outside the reverse entropy Mystic
realm in the chaos ancient Race's
spaceship tyu looked at the image in
front of him and his eyes widened the
Five Element of extreme intent of the
robberies took his breath away but when
this move after hitting luu headon
surprisingly only caused him to suffer
some superficial wounds even so luu even
quickly found the hiding place of the
robber and directly attacked it fiercely
tyu looked at the Fierce and crazy
battle in front of him for a while his
mood was very
complicated he couldn't help but murmur
earlier against me this L you didn't
even light up this golden pill is this
looking down on me thinking that I'm not
worthy of letting him pull out his
bottom card damn human boy at the same
time in the battle of the top 16 the
various great Prides that had been
eliminated all looked at the battle with
grave Expressions on their faces I
thought it was a one-sided fight toward
the robbery who knew that luu had hidden
such a powerful card and had never used
used it this the Heavenly fate of the
sunclan furrowed his brows and admitted
to himself that it was far inferior
little brother is actually this powerful
sh of the tyin clan spoke in
Surprise no wonder I was able to chop me
up with a sword muttered snow Moon of
the star feather Clan Karen of the
beaching Clan and Lucy of the siren Clan
even more so
couldn't help but celebrate it's a good
thing we didn't meet him in advance
human
communities when luu revealed the
Marshall da golden pill the situation
was reversed and the entire human
Community as a result boiled over Earth
shattering cheers resounded across a
planet everyone was cheering for
luu expecting him to defeat this
strongest opponent and take the title of
this Heaven's Pride battle attle before
this the champion of the 10,000 Clans
Heavens Pride battle was simply too far
away but at this moment it has become
within their reach how can they not go
crazy
charge little Marshall Saint just take
the opposite side and you'll win the
championship you can do it make a
miracle L you go little Marshall Saint
on top of the floating island luu found
haack's Hiding Place forcing him to use
his next card the five elements of the
blood sea
useless
useless
useless luu laughed and swung his sword
the battle had come to a white hot stage
at the moment the two sides frantically
bombarded each other almost shattering
the entire floating island in a single
moment boom boom
boom boom under the Intense Collision
again and again the Earth crumbled in a
huge piece of debris floated in midair
luu didn't care about this at all and
with the white Jade Wind and Fire will
spinning crazily under his feet he
attacked again boom boom boom boom
boom however in just a short while the
two sides had fought and killed nearly a
thousand moves and and the entire
floating island was completely shattered
turning into countless pieces of tiny
rocks without even a single place to
land on the two sides battled to this
point and even the ring was lost even so
both luu and hijack didn't care in the
slightest and were still fighting
frantically in the meantime the viewers
of the 10,000 races in the universe all
stared with wide eyes and held their
breaths staring at the live broadcast
screen unwilling to miss a single moment
fearing that in the blink of an eye the
battle would take a turn for the worse
and suddenly end this battle was too
intense too
wonderful under luu's stepbystep
pressing hijack used all his strengths
and his undercard was spread out as if
he didn't need any money but even then
it still didn't bring the situation
under control amidst use constant
attacks the flaws of the domain type
powerhouses became more and more obvious
even with the supplementation of various
potions and treasures they still could
not make up for the massive amount of
energy
consumption although luu's consumption
was equally
horrifying he was on the path of
physical body
sanctification and his consumption was
much much smaller than the domain when
luu was slightly tired the robber had
already already reached the edge of
exhaustion the domain was almost
difficult to maintain and the power of
the attack was suddenly sharply reduced
luu decisively seized this opportunity
and chopped over with his sword the
sword light flashed and the robber's
head continued to rotate in midair which
was no longer an illusion but a real
head he looked at luu full of
unwillingness the emotions in his eyes
could be described as quite complex at
this point the winner is split L youu
the winner if I hadn't created the da of
Marshall
Ganan I'm afraid I wouldn't have been
able to take the title of this Heaven
Pride battle luu couldn't help but feel
emotional in his heart this Marshall da
golden pill has given me a very large
increase in battle power the previous me
should not have been a match for this
robbery but he won after all champion of
the 10,000 Clans Heavens Pride battle
take down the biggest Ray of
civilization flame
arrival system stage four ultimate
Mission
completion a wide smile appeared at the
corner of luu's mouth finally he finally
changed the original course of history
with luu taking the title of the heavens
Pride battle the human community and
even the range of all Races in the UN
Universe we completely boiling and
exploding chapter 203 the human race
boils over shaking the universe with
Fame winning
champions We Are the
Champions champion of the 10,000 Clans
Heavens Pride battle it's in hand the
biggest Ray of civilization fire Bravo
to the pride of my human race Bravo to
the might of my human race little
Marshall Saint is truly worthy of being
a little Marshall Saint he truly has the
appearance of a marshall Saint back then
within the human Community trillions of
humans all of them were boiling at this
moment and each one of them was so
excited that they couldn't help
themselves many emotional martial
artists were even in tears at this
moment shedding tears of
excitement some people had witnessed the
Miracles on luu along the way and were
clear that luu had grown up step by step
from the initial human race Heavens
Pride ranking rushing to the fifth and
then to the first it could be said to be
highly
controversial at that time many people
did not look favorably on luu thinking
that his realm was too low and his
combat experience was too little so when
he arrived at the 10,000 Clans Heavens
Pride battle he was afraid that he would
suffer a great loss this statement was
still agreed upon by many and as a
result luu proved himself to everyone at
the first level of the 10,000 Clans
Heavens Pride battle and in the process
became famous in the universe and became
a supreme Heavenly Pride that advanced
to the fourth level up to this point it
was a long way from winning the title
luu didn't stop and continue to grow all
the way through the
Thorns at the final showdown luu took
out a new card a brand new cultivation
path the Marshall golden Dan in the
Frantic and intense battle luu killed
the blood moon Clan Supreme Pride Rob
and thus won the title rise above the
skepticism Advance through the support
and win the title in
anticipation this is luu's path to the
championship he captured the greatest
flame of civilization for the human race
he proved to the 10,000 races of the
universe
the might of the human race the
moment Not only was the human race
boiling but the 10,000 races of the
universe were likewise the people have
won the
championship really let this little guy
win the title no he's only
four right originally thought that time
was on our side and that this little
Marshall Saint would need at least a
long time to grow up I didn't he expect
how is this possible this result was
just too much for them to accept in the
fierce battle just now even though Rob
showed his
decrepitude they still held on to their
expectations thinking that Rob could
turn the battle around and regain
control of the
situation however luu did not give this
opportunity he pressed step by step
killing moves frequently so that the
robber pulled out all all kinds of cards
but still could not restore the
situation at the last moment when
haack's head flew high in the air there
were still some alien Spectators who
were
undeterred thinking that the head was
just a phantom of the five elements
illusion realm hijack is not dead
however when the five elements illusion
was like a bubble bursting and quickly
disappeared all the foreigners then
recognized the reality that hijack had
already lost
he had been
eliminated the ultimate Victor belonged
to luu of the human race the son of the
heaven defying Marshall Saint damn it
damn it damn the human race I can't
believe they let them win the
championship and get the biggest Ray of
civilization fire at this moment there
were simply too many displeased
foreigners but despite this there was
nothing they could do with luu
this supreme genius who hadn't grown up
in the beginning had already been
considered to have grown up at this
moment a mysterious space seeing that
the victory had been decided Lu changing
turned his head to look at the reverse
entropy Envoy and asked with a smile now
what do you think of this son of mine
reverse entropy made his expression
stiffen face slightly sore at the very
beginning his evaluation of luu was that
it would be difficult to enter the top
10 but soon luu grew rapidly and managed
to punch him in the face then counter
entropy made the Judgment of luu that he
should be able to rank in the top five
it had to be said that this was a very
accurate judgment luu's strength was
indeed in this
range however luu's growth was simply
too fast and in the blink of an eye he
created a new cultivation method that
caused the ocean of rules to resonate
allowing his strength to
Skyrocket and possessing the potential
to win the title the reverse entropy
Envoy at the time did not evaluate luu
who knew that a turn of events would
lead to him winning the title that's
outrageous the reverse entropy Envoy
suddenly thought of what Lu Chang xang
had said to himself
see this kid always
surprises luu is indeed a
surprise stage four mission Ascend to
the first place of the 10,000 races
Heavenly Pride win the champion of the
Heavenly Pride battle and fight for the
human race for the biggest Ray of
civilization's flame
completed Mission reward Tai purple gold
pill has been issued in the broken final
Battlefield Leah stepped on the white
Jade wind in fire wheel barely
maintaining his figure when he suddenly
saw the quest prompt and couldn't help
but let his eyes light up at the same
time he was somewhat looking forward to
the so-called flame of
civilization what exactly was it before
that that black robe reverse entropy
Envoy had said this greatest strand of
the flame of
civilization whether it is for the clan
behind you or for yourselves it can be
considered to be of infinite benefit in
layman's understanding flame of
civilization is similar to Super
Invincible enhanced National luck if
this is the case why does it have an
effect on the
individual just then luu automatically
shifted outside the reverse entropy
Mystic realm and appeared in the human
rac's spaceship
congratulations
awesome that's awesome champion of the
10,000 Clans Heavens Pride battle the
pride of the human race surrounded luu
excitedly praising him by huging wiped
the blood stains from his face and said
with emotion little Marshall Saint you
are truly the light of the human race a
hero of the human race right the light
of the human race hero of the human race
this final battle is so awesome
especially that golden
elixir on the side Wu Wy and the others
said
excitedly luu laughed then looked at w
woohoo did you make it into the top 10
when these words came out woia instantly
shook his head in some
embarrassment although he had killed his
way into the top 16 battle his strength
was not enough to support him in the top
10 so the human race did not receive two
wisps of the flame of
civilization this made luu slightly
regretful but he had gotten the largest
strand of the flame of
civilization so it was nothing that
golden Dan of yours what exactly is it
wua didn't hold back and asked with some
curiosity the moment these words came
out the crowd all looked over in
curiosity even Fong Wang the president
of blue star
University looked at luu
curiously feeling the gazes of the crowd
luu smiled and said that's the Marshall
golden Dan the path above the golden
body realm the original cultivation
method the order is to condense the
Dharma body form the Dharma phase and
achieve the realm but this path of the
Marshall golden Dan of mine replaces
this path first condensing the Marshall
golden Dan and then leading to the
sainthood of the fleshly body after it
is completely
solidified to put it simply the
existence of this Marshall da golden Dan
makes up for the flaws of the way of the
flesh body which has no domains
listening to luu's narration woia
couldn't help but ask again you started
this luu
nodded yes I created it quiet the moment
these words came out the entire
spaceship instantly fell silent this
path of Marshall golden Dan was actually
really created by luu what is the
concept of creating a whole new way of
cultivation its achievement was nothing
less than winning the championship of
the 10,000 Clans Heavens Pride battle
chapter 204 flame of
civilization taiway secret realm did you
really start it BYU Jing's eyes widened
and he couldn't help but ask again
although she also knew that Lu you would
most likely not lie to say that at this
moment would be true but the news was
too
impactful whether it was by yujing
wooi or even the principal Fong Wang it
was difficult to accept this fact for a
moment this brand new cultivation path
was actually really created by luu sure
in the face of
skepticism luu nodded and said with a
smile
otherwise I'm not really good at winning
the
championship Marshall Invincible
couldn't help but not his head
reasonably speaking
luu's strength was quite a bit different
from winning the
championship no wonder your strength has
progressed so much being able to defeat
the eighth level of the domain Marshall
Invincible said hearing this Fong Wang
alsoo side with emotion so that's how it
is you invoked the Resonance of the
ocean of rules and gained quite a bit of
growth from it rule the ocean the
crowd's Jaws dropped when they heard
those four words participating in the
ocean of rules how many martial artists
had sought for this but the problem was
that one had to master the power of the
origin laws and Survey the way of the
rules in order to touch the ocean of
rules the difficulty of this
prerequisite is just too high it's out
of one's reach of course there is a
second way and that is to create a new
path of
cultivation the question is this one is
going to be even harder amidst the C
crowds boasting and marveling luu
glanced at the quest reward Tai purple
gold pill rank ninth quality Immortal
type
consumable effect after taking this
Elixir the upper limit of Mana can be
greatly increased while at the same time
improving the understanding of the
nature of the da and there is a
probability of realizing an innate
Divine ability from it description Abbot
Immortal Mountain Emperor's Immortal
Elixir an immortal Elixir that can be
taken even by those in lower Realms a
treasure that can be found but not
sought luu's eyes lit up as he looked at
the description of the Elixir it was
another ninth ranked Immortal
Elixir good stuff absolutely great stuff
worthy of being the system's final
mission it was the same as Lou you
expected it was really the ninth rank
this
Elixir has three effects one a
significant increase in the Mana cap luu
was a martial artist so what was boosted
should be the power of chi and blood as
well
asqi at this point compared to those
domain
powerhouses he would have had an
advantage now the advantage is even
greater second to enhance the
understanding of the the nature of the
towel similar to the effect of the tiu
diffractive Dharma pill but it's a
little different follow the description
at is it supposed to enhance
Enlightenment it would be cool if
Enlightenment could be increased
dramatically by the later stages of
exposure to the rules Enlightenment is
just too
important three there is a probability
of realizing an innate Divine ability
from it this caused luu to Furrow his
brows just with
probability wasn't it
100% at least it was a ninth order
Immortal elixir on second thought though
this should be a side effect and the
name of this life aptitude sounds very
unusual I wonder if I can realize it luu
blinked just then in front of luu's eyes
a line of hint appeared once again not
from the system but from the secret
realm of reverse
entropy
congratulations the pride of the human
race Lou you you have defeated opponent
after opponent and won this Heaven's
Pride battle in recognition of your
greatness this flame of civilization is
the ultimate reward for you and the
human race behind you please catch it
the moment The Prompt appeared a wisp of
ghostly blue flame suddenly appeared in
front of luu's eyes
slowly drifting down luu subconsciously
took it that moment a massive amount of
information instantly impacted luu's Sea
Of Consciousness luu's eyes widened he
saw the vastness of the ocean one city
after another the uncertainty of the
wind and clouds the Rushing River the
speed of the car and boat the crowd of
people coming and going but also saw the
sun and moon change the seasons change
the cycle of life and death vaguely luu
understood that this was
civilization and the root of the flame
of
civilization the mountains and rivers
the Earth's veins the planets in motion
the Wisps of civilization fire so
fragile and so
brilliant
colorful this is the Eternal Melody
Among the Stars
among the major
civilizations in a trance luu saw a
Barren planet of Life the tragic
Battlefield of the human Race's
Frontier and the planet that had just
been
recovered this is the Tay weisen realm
why do you see it here just when luu had
some doubts he saw again in the middle
of the taiway star domain there was a
large unexplored secret Realm
that was the place where the star vein
of the taiway star domain was located it
is an ancient Relic that has never been
discovered there are countless exotic
treasures inside there are precious
resources like mountains and
seas that's the principle of the rise of
a
civilization there are also terrifying
secret monsters powerful natives
inherited from ancient
civilizations at this moment everything
was displayed in front of luu without
any
reservations luu's breathing was a bit
rapid as the son of a martial Saint he
was aware of the preciousness of these
things and knew what it really meant
originally Lu was still a bit curious
about the so-called fire of
civilization on what basis could a
civilization gradually rise on what
basis could it serve as the super
Invincible enhanced National Fortune now
the answer is revealed just a whisp of
the flame of civilization had brought
the human race such a chance that's
awesome Lu you couldn't help but Marvel
in his heart at this moment all the
people inside the spaceship saw the
appearance of the ray of civilization
fire and they all waited with baited
breath not daring to disturb luu from
sensing the civilization fire after a
long time luu slowly opened his eyes how
Fong Wang asked curiously
very impressive luu said in
admiration he did not disclose it such
important news naturally could not be
spoken easily once the news leaked out
it would easily cause foreign races to
covet it and widespread War would ensue
Humanity's current situation wasn't too
good with all the strong enemies of the
10,000 races surrounding them it could
be said that they were surrounded by
enemies on their backs
and if this news was known by the
foreign races then the entire taiway
star domain would be plunged into war
luckily luu wasn't alone he had his
Marshall St Pops that he could rely on
and all he needed to do was to tell pops
about the news he would take care of
everything properly the spaceship
travels through a wormhole and luu is
about to return to the human
community at the same time the new that
luu had won the 10,000 races Heavens
Pride battle had spread throughout the
10,000 races of the universe at an
astonishing speed luu's reputation was
thoroughly spread compared to the last
time luu had broken through to the ninth
floor in The Reincarnation Tower and
displayed the posture of a martial Saint
which was also amazing enough but he
hadn't grown up after all this time it's
different the 10,000 Clans Heavenly
Pride battle topping the list of all the
five Realms Heavenly Pride this kind of
astonishing stance caused countless
foreign races Prides and countless top
powerhouses to gasp an amazement some
foreign civilians inevitably drummed in
their hearts could it be that the human
race is really going to have a second
Marshall Saint chapter 205 a 4-year-old
Marshal ancestor ever since luu had
taken the title of the 10,000 Clans
Heavens Pride battle there were quite a
few variables that had Arisen many of
the Seer groups caught wind of this and
they relied on it like wallf flowers
some medium-sized communities were even
more decisive in conveying their
Goodwill to the human race as for those
powerful ethnic groups they were
thinking about how to find their way
back on the
battlefield since the 10,000 Clans
Heavenly Pride battle was lost it would
be one back in the war among them was
the blood moon pack which lost in the
finals they were originally in with the
human race there is little need to think
of reasons for Waging War the depths of
the dark and deep Starry Sky an ordinary
Planet orbiting a star looks like
nothing special but when a spaceship
approaches the planet suddenly opens a
huge one eye the dark yellow Eerie poils
looked calmly at the ship the star God
Clan's Powerhouse hurriedly flew out and
bowed
respectfully then reported the latest
news I've known that for a long time
time within the vacuum came the
grandiose voice of the star God
Corsair hearing these words the posture
of the star God race Powerhouse grew
more and more humble he said
helplessly the plan to assassinate Lu
you is still being prepared but I didn't
realize that he had already grown up and
it's only been a matter of how long
since he's grown to this level what a
pity a Pity indeed star God corses spoke
faintly
if he succeeds in assassinating him that
human Marshall Saint will definitely go
crazy and the picture will definitely be
interesting but there's no point in
saying that anymore after what happened
as the son of a marshall Saint the human
Race's protection for him will
inevitably be incomparably thorough
trying to accomplish an assassination
would have been difficult and this is
not your problem can only wait patiently
wait for that you to grow up further
wait until the time when he goes out to
break through and fight around then is
our
opportunity for the sake of his path to
sainthood the human race will definitely
try everything in order to stop him from
becoming a saint not only our star God
Clan but other clans will also take
action yes the star God race powerhouses
had lowered even further and since the
Divine Lord had already decided he
naturally didn't have any objections
blue star Marshall Saints residence l u
who had just returned to the blue star
had a feeling of being a world away when
his feet stepped on the earth it's an
amazing feeling it was clear that the
10,000 Clans Heavens Pride battle hadn't
been going on for long either you're
back our little human hero you actually
did get the champion of the 10,000 Clans
Heavens Pride battle seeing luu return
bayu yel looked especially happy
although she knew that her own son was a
super genius she still didn't expect
that luu would actually win the heavens
Pride battle after all even a genius
needs time to grow up however luu's rise
to power was as if he didn't need time
to pave the way it was like riding a
rocket soaring
the speed was
terrifying it felt like a turn of events
that suddenly became so strong but by
yuyao also understood that there was
nothing so easy in this world luu gained
so many achievements without his hard
practice at a young age you carry such a
heavy burden seeing luu return at this
moment bayu yya was proud and at the
same time a little
heartbroken mom luu raised his head and
shouted with a smile I'm
awesome right awesome it's too awesome
our human Race's little Marshall Saint
is just
extraordinary by yuyo said with a smile
on the side Lu Chang Chang also returned
and he looked at luu with relief only
after bayu yya and luu had said their
goodbyes did Lu Chang Xing opened his
mouth and said I have something to say
to you come with me to the T ,000 laws
building hearing this luu immediately
nodded good what is it that you can't
say here by Yu Yao glanced at Lu Chang
xong you too Father and Son What secrets
are you hiding from me Mom of course
it's something important luu said you
can also come over if you want to know
Lu Chang xang said with a smile bayu ya
thought about it and shook her head
forget it it's better to give you two
Father and Son some space inside the
manifestation building luu and LU
changing sat on the futon after closing
the door behind him Lu Chang Ching
opened his mouth and asked can you show
me that Marshall da golden pill of yours
when these words came out luu was
slightly stunned he had thought that his
old man would ask about the flame FL of
civilization
first however compared to the flame of
civilization Lu Chang xang was
surprisingly more concerned about the
Marshall dajin Dan luu didn't think too
much about it and with a light slap of
his palm on his chest the Wuda golden
pill slowly rotated and floated out
looking at this Marshall golden pill up
close L Chang shing's eyes lit up and he
couldn't help but look at it closely
sure enough EXA ly as I suspected it's a
cultivation path that can be perfected
Lu changing turned his head to luu and
asked with a smile dad is discussing
something with you what is it luu asked
with some
curiosity I want to help you perfect
this way of Marshall golden Dan and then
preach it to the world so that all the
martial artists of all Races will have
the opportunity to walk on this way of
Marshall golden Dan Lu Ching's face was
serious and spoke solemnly what do you
think luu replied without thinking of
course there were still a lot of
imperfections in this Marshall golden
Dan path of his and if L you were to
slowly perfect it himself it would
definitely take a long time but if the
Marshall Sage pops were to help it would
become much easier also it was equally
natural to preach the world so that all
martial artists of all race
would have the opportunity to follow
this path L was not one of those martial
arts school teachers who thought about
teaching the disciple to starve the
master and kept his hand in everything
he was the son of the human Race's
Marshall Saint enjoying the Supreme
Glory that he was born with but not
having the opportunity to give back to
the human race now that he is pioneering
the martial arts and preaching to the
world he will naturally not refuse do
your part for the human race is there
any need to hesitate about this seeing
luu agreeing down without thinking Lu
chonging nodded in relief some axioms
are simple to say but when it comes to
self-interest it's a different matter
it's good that you understand Lu Chang
xang said
seriously this Marshall da Jinan path of
yours is a completely different path
from Dharma body and Dharma phase this
is equivalent to giving those realm
martial artists a second choice a second
possibility of extraordinary
significance if one day a cloud of
strong Ganan practitioners of the
Marshall da of my human race Rises you
will be the greatest contributor to my
human race luu blinked in that case he
was considered to be the Grandmaster of
martial arts who started the mountain
and established the sect how would the
history books of the human human race
record themselves a 4-year-old martial
arts
Grandmaster this is just too much those
descendants I'm afraid won't believe it
at all when he thought of those powerful
people who practiced the marshal arts
Gan Dan paath having to worship Him the
martial arts ancestor luu felt a little
amused in that case the Marshall way of
genan Dan that he had pioneered was
really greater than that whsp of
civilization fire in terms of subsequent
influence right the fire of civilization
thing it hasn't been said yet luu raised
his head chapter 206 the law of the
Marshall golden Dan the flame of
civilization luu opened his mouth to say
something about the Revelation brought
about by that Ray of civilization's fire
who knew that Lu changing didn't care at
all he shook his head and said the
matter of the flame of civilization will
be discussed later let's first perfect
this Marshall Ganan path Lu Chang Chang
did things with a clear sense of
priorities although the flame of
civilization was important it was still
slightly inferior to the DA of Marshall
ginan so he dealt with this matter first
hearing this Lou you could only
nod next with the help of his old man Lu
Chang xang this originally very
rudimentary extremely
imperfect martial arts Ganan path which
only luu alone could cultivate was
rapidly perfected the entire cultivation
system as well as the use of the
Marshall golden Elixir is checked from
the shallowest to the deepest during
this process luu's mind marveled at his
old man's power more than once despite
surging forward on the path of
cultivation
the gap between him and Pops didn't seem
to have shortened much in the process of
perfecting the Ganan method L Chang Shen
coesta Marshall out ginan after just a
slight attempt not a bad path but
unfortunately it's no longer of any use
to me this path of cultivation of yours
is the path of cultivation after the
fifth realm and under the eighth realm
there is no difference between this path
and the original cultivation path
between High and low up and down that is
to say not belonging to a small path but
a brilliant great path with the gradual
Improvement Lu Chang Shang discovered a
new problem if you let a fifth realm
martial artist condens Gan Dam right off
the bat it's simply impossible to
succeed you're a special example if you
were to be used as an example to ask
other
cultivators then this da of Marshall gen
Dan for the entire human race there
wouldn't be a few who could successfully
cultivate it luu couldn't help but blink
when he heard this as the founding
ancestor of the Marshall da Jinan but he
didn't actually know how to preach some
things that suit him and are taken for
granted for him are not the same thing
at all for others to consider those
ordinary martial
artists then the difficulty of
cultivation had to be lowered we can
only let those Mar artists take it one
step at a time Lu Chang xang said after
some thought and then disassembled the
way of Marshall
ginan step by step the fifth realm first
condenses the dhad Dan corresponding to
the Dharma body which is the first step
in the path of the Marshall DA's golden
Dan the six Realms turning Dharma Dan is
a true Dan that corresponds to the
Dharma phase level and this step
enhances the physical body with
inscriptions the Seven Realms of true
Dan turning into Ganan corresponds to
the realm level which is the final form
of the Marshall DA's da of Gan Dan
originally the physical body martial
arts path could not be accomplished by
non-top
Geniuses but with the path of the
martial arts gold Dan even ordinary
martial artists can try their hand at it
after a long time Lu Chang Shang
compiled a book the method of Marshall
da Jinan which was the original Marshall
daan Dan cultivation technique above the
name of the author of the book luu was
in the first place and LU Chang xang was
in the second place which made luu feel
a little embarrassed because he didn't
put in much effort but Lu Chang xang
said rightfully this Marshall path was
created by you I'm just helping you
perfect it if I don't sign your first
place should I put it behind me is this
not stealing your credit L you could
only nod his head after perfecting the
da of Marshall Gan the two of them
talked about the matter of the flame of
civilization only then did luu speak of
the secret Realm of the taiway astral
domain Lu Chong Chan listened carefully
after a long while he nodded and said
okay I'll make arrangements for this
matter don't worry I'll handle it
properly
I also want to go explore the secret
realm luu voiced his thoughts he wanted
to go to the outside world to have a
look to really venture out you hearing
this Lu Chang Chang laughed do you think
I would let you go luu subconsciously
shook his head then hastily nodded then
why are you asking Lu Chang xang asked
with a smile you're all subconsciously
thinking that I won't let you go but I
want to go luu said
stubbornly I want to go to the secret
realm and
Adventure actually as the son of a
marshal Saint Lu you could enjoy all
sorts of cultivation resources even if
he didn't take any risks and he didn't
need to be like those ordinary martial
artists who risked their lives to fight
for cultivation
resources the son of a thousand gold is
not sitting down it's a very simple
truth but the thing is if you want to be
truly unique and carry the banner of the
human Community then you can't be
pampered Leu had gradually made a name
for himself Through The Reincarnation
Tower and the 10,000 Clans Heavens Pride
battle though but that alone is not
enough regardless of whether it was The
Reincarnation Tower or the 10,000 Clans
Heavens Pride battle they were both
Adventures that didn't risk their lives
luu was still far from truly growing up
and being on his own
the current human Community is not in
danger of being destroyed and everything
is thriving but what about the
future if everything was thriving then
there was no need for luu to fight so
hard but from what the system says the
future is bad Papa Musha is tough the
situation is very bad as it is L you
would have to find a way to change the
10,000 Clans heaven Pride battle was
only the first step looking at luu's
firm gaze Lu changin was slightly
stunned after thinking for a moment Lu
Chang Xing nodded and said it's not
impossible if you want to venture to the
secret realm it's really okay luu's eyes
whitened at once he hadn't really
thought that his old man would actually
agree well but there are conditions Lu
Chong xang said what conditions luu
asked in a hurry break through the ninth
level of the blue star University's
trial mystery realm Lu chonging looked
at luu breaking through the ninth floor
of the secret realm of Trials luu froze
for a moment and subconsciously repeated
himself right Lu Chang xang nodded back
then your old man I was the one who
broke through the ninth layer before I
started going to secret Realms and
battlefields if you want to go on an
adventure then break through the ninth
floor first otherwise don't even think
about it when Lou you heard this he
raised his head and said
seriously good I will break through the
ninth floor pops you must not back out I
haven't finished talking yet Lu Chang
xang smiled there are still conditions
luu stared of course Lu Chang Chang
reached out his hand and gently tapped
on luu's brow leaving a mark what is
this luu asked with some curiosity as he
felt the mysterious power at the center
of his eyebrows my soul seal Lu Chang
xang explained when your life is in
danger my soul seal will automatically
appear and come out to help you solve
all the crises
there are still such good things Lu youu
was a bit
surprised whom Lu chaning nodded
slightly however once you consume this
Soul seal then you won't be able to
venture out again for 3 years 3 years
meaning after 3 years the adventure can
continue Lu you asked of course Lu Chan
Chang smiled since you are my Lu chaning
son how can you not go on adventures for
the rest of your life if that's the case
you'll never truly grow up and how does
one become a marshall Saint chapter 207
the heart of a pup selling his field
does not ache inside the yagang Pavilion
there was a continuous stream of
laughter and bragging rights after many
days the group gathered again the 10,000
Clans head 's Pride battle was over and
everyone had a lot of things they wanted
to say in their hearts luu sat in the
upper seat pretending to sip wine while
enjoying the rainbow farts of the crowd
champion of the 10,000 Clans Heavens
Pride battle to have this kind of
achievement at such a young age really
can't be blown out of
proportion in the beginning luu's
strength among the crowd was not
top-notch and he could only bullet
children with his natural dragon and
tiger power and then when he started
practicing
cultivation he skyrocketed and quickly
caught up with the crowd as soon as the
reincarnation tower opened luu's
strength exploded by the time the 10,000
Clans Heavens Pride battle came around
it had already been considered to have
truly grown up
nowadays no one dared to call luu's
strength second even among the powerful
children of the older
generation no one could compete with luu
only those great Masters who had broken
through to the seventh realm early and
were about to step into the Marshall
King's top Geniuses could compare
themselves to luu but such people
without exception are beginning to stand
alone and already belong to the category
of adults in the midst of a burst of
boasting louu slowly stood up and with
just a thought a blossoming Marshall da
golden pill was offered this is Big
Brothers Marshall golden Dan this is
that brand new path of martial arts this
feet of big brother is completely no
less than the winner of the 10,000 Clans
Heavens Pride battle the crowd all
stared
blankly then opened their mouths in
admiration big brother can we also walk
this Marshall golden Dan path on the
side y Guan Ching who was the comic
relief herly opened his mouth to inquire
fearing that his lines would be stolen
luu nodded slightly and said faintly
originally it was not possible this path
of martial arts was uniquely created by
me and only a talent like mine can try
it for a second although your talents
aren't that bad it's still too hard and
too difficult to learn but how can this
work now that I've created A New Path
I'm must find a way to perfect it then
preach to the world so that all martial
artists of all Races will have the
opportunity to walk this path of
Marshall golden Dan in this way it's
equivalent to giving those fifth realm
martial artists a second choice a second
possibility of extraordinary
significance hearing luu's words
everyone s out in
admiration worthy of being a big brother
truly
farsighted heart for the entire human
race all of them were in awe in their
hearts thoroughly impressed by luu's
vision and pattern big brother is really
worthy of being a big brother sure
enough it was the only son they had luu
smiled and continued but this matter is
difficult my current realm is too low
and my strength isn't particularly
impressive so if I want to perfect this
path
I'm afraid it will take a very long time
and in that case it's really too slow
that's why I found my old martial arts
Saint father and we teamed up to author
the law of Marshall golden Dan in this
way all of you whether you are human
martial artists or not will be able to
cultivate this martiall golden Dand Dow
of mine the crowd got a little excited
at those words big brother is wise it's
still big brother who has the solution
the Marshall da genan danan method I
also want to be like big brother and
cultivate the Marshall da Jinan method a
group of kid brothers and sisters spoke
up chuang even hastened to say since
then big brother is the martial arts
Grandmaster who started the mountain and
established the school right Marshall
ancestor big brother is the Marshall
ancestor the crowd spoke spoke up like a
repeater on the side yanching slapped
his thigh why didn't he think of that
luu nodded slightly the banquet then
continued the crowd talked about the big
and small things that had happened in
the meantime luu didn't mind and
listened
attentively he could not help but be
slightly stunned when he heard that the
crowd had become much more assiduous and
started cultivating like crazy because
of luu luu smiled and said that's great
everyone don't be
presumptuous you are the Future Hope of
the human race even if I'm excellent I'm
just me you have such a good birth of
course you should work harder since you
guys have such a
realization I'm
relieved much conversation followed
about the human race about the
foreigners about the battlefield
just then luu suddenly sighed yuguan
Ching was jolted and subconsciously
asked big brother today the group of
Heroes are gathering to drink and
rejoice why are you sighing if there is
something just say it directly when
these words came out all the gazes of
the crowd looked over luu pondered for a
moment and slowly spoke everyone should
know that I am now the taiway star do
main the Lord of 138 planets because of
my age and strength I have not been able
to go over and preside over Affairs but
I've heard about the situation over
there from time to time and I know that
it's in Dire Straits so to speak because
of its remoteness and the planet's poor
climatic conditions these living planets
are not rich or strong and are in war
zones some of them have even fallen into
alien hands because of War
nowadays we hold Banquets here eat wine
and drink meat and have a good time but
when I think of the miserable state of
my 138 planets I can't help but stifle
my size these planets two are part of
our human race how can they be left
unattended this matter had been
mentioned once before by luu but from a
completely different
perspective before War he was talking
about the war but at the moment he is
concerned about the plight of the people
the moment these words came out within
the yagang Pavilion there was an
immediate reaction Big Brother this
isn't a good solution my cheu family
doesn't have much of anything just a lot
of money a lot of people and a lot of
supplies Chu Young hurriedly spoke big
brother I thought it was something
difficult it's just a matter of money
and people the little chubby Pin yunai
said in a wealthy and generous
manner yeah yeah it's just a matter of
supporting the poor planets if we let
anyone family do it it would naturally
be difficult but if we work together
it's definitely not a problem yanching
nodded and said
seriously the people spoke with one
voice and clamored to do their part as
the saying goes the pup sells his heart
anyway it wasn't their own family
fortune that they had fought for this
group of powerful children almost
without thinking about it when L you
heard this he smiled and said this
matter it's
extraordinary everyone's Goodwill I
appreciate it if you really want to
support it please also go home and
explain the situation to your elders
getting their approval is the key when
the people heard this they all nodded
and then hurried home to talk about this
matter with their families no matter
what at least pull a few million billion
dollars of investment the parents of
these little ones listened and their
faces darkened how much a few trillion
that's no way to commit a robbery
chapter 208 triggering the breaking into
the secret realm Quest you just got the
champion of the 10,000 Clans Heaven
Pride battle and you want those Clans to
invest heavily in you isn't that a bit
too hasty jaia wanyuan only felt a
little amused as he listened to luu's
narration he shook his head and said you
wouldn't have been so this time it was
luu's turn to be smug as he smiled and
said
of course not I'm not asking for
investment but I'm giving them a chance
hearing this jaia wanan froze slightly
then nodded and said the strand of
civilization flame you harvested is
related to the taiway astral domain luu
stared how did you know that
Master guess jaia wanan said
indifferently can I still not see your
little mind
L youu he had wanted to show off and let
his master make a good guess before
finally announcing the answer who knew
that as soon as he came up xia wuan gave
a guess that's Insight it's scary as
hell jaia wuan admired luu's stunned
expression and continued let me guess
again that wisp of civilizations flame
should have informed you of some
unexplored star zones or rather unex
explored secret Realms I think it would
be the latter I'll take another guess as
to where the secret realm might appear
Dash jawanan casually opened the
Starfield map and quickly pointed at a
few places it should be in one of these
places why would it be one of these
places luu asked with some
curiosity back then when I commanded the
Army and fought in the taiway
Starfield I carefully explored the
taiway starf field and there were only a
few places that weren't quite right and
there might be secret Realms but
unfortunately I never found a way to
open them Xiao wuan slowly said then he
looked at the map of the
Starfield intending to analyze it
carefully
Master can't say it again luu Hasty
stopped in his opinion this is a secret
that needs to be kept secret
from beginning to end only one person
said it with pops who would have thought
that Master would analyze it in a few
words this Insight ability simply too
terrifying he finally realized why his
master was able to serve as the chief
Marshall of the grand SE while he had
only learned a little bit after studying
for so long when xia wuan heard this he
didn't say anymore and casually closed
the Starfield map master
do you think those Clans will guess my
true thoughts Lu you asked that's
natural they're all some smart people
and will definitely make some guesses
Xiao Wan slowly said so this counts as
me being a
smartass luu skimmed his lips and said
with some depression not really xia wuan
shook his head they merely have a guess
they can't really conclude that it's
worth giving them a reward for daring to
bet heavily on you under such
circumstances luu nodded then asked I
plan to venture to that secret realm
Master do you want to go with me to the
taiway astral domain abducting his
master the sword Emperor the former
Chief Marshal of the grand SE to the
taiway astral domain this was luu's
ultimate goal he hadn't forgotten the
systems main quest yet to recover those
living planets that originally belong to
humans now he had only completed the
first stage of the mission and there
were still a lot of tasks left to
complete if he could lull Master over to
sit in the taiway star domain and
recover those Fallen planets he would
definitely have a better chance as this
thought was born luu's eyes immediately
appeared in front of him the prompt
panel of the system Mission special
Mission triggered luu swept a glance as
if nothing had happened
you have successfully won the
championship of the 10,000 races
Heavenly Pride battle obtaining the
largest strand of civilizations flame
and in doing so you have made your name
in the universe and shaken the 10,000
races but you deeply understand that
it's hard to change anything with just a
single flame of
civilization and you need to do more as
a way to change the bad situation of the
moment such as exploring the secret
realm suggested by this Ray of
civilization Flame
and using it to grow the human race this
is your duty as the son of the Marshall
Saint stage one Mission qualify for an
expedition to The Secret World Mission
reward Yu onling fruit stage two Quest
explore 1% of the secret world and bring
back Treasures of equal value Mission
reward concentration pill stage three
Quest explore 5% of the secret world and
bring back Treasures of equal value
Mission reward wuin Dan
stage four Quest explore 10% of the
secret world and bring back Treasures of
equal value Mission reward nine turn Tai
Chang Dan stage five mission take
complete control of the entire secret
realm and obtain all the treasures in
the secret realm Mission reward unknown
for the time being it is worth noting
that the loot brought back will
determine the quality of the mission
rewards looking at the task in front of
him luu couldn't help but Furrow his
brows who whom this Mission it's so
flexible bring back loot that directly
determines the quality of the mission
reward
moreover for the fifth stage of the
quest the reward was actually
temporarily unknown what's that supposed
to mean is it because you think there's
no way you can accomplish this so you
just don't announce it the district
system how dare you underestimate me
okay
completely controlling the entire secret
realm and obtaining all the treasures in
the secret realm was indeed difficult
and not at all something that the
current him could accomplish luu did not
think much about it and looked up at his
master xia wuan furrowed his brows
seemingly pondering over the issue and
did not notice Lu U's change in
expression after a long time xia wuan
fatly asked your father agreed to you
going to the secet realm this place
isn't The Reincarnation Tower or the
10,000 Clans Heavens Pride battle it's
something that can really kill you luu
replied he said that as long as I break
through the ninth level of the trial
Mystic realm he'll let me Venture Into
the Mystic realm xia wanan nodded
slightly I
see however I remember that we discussed
this matter before and at that time my
answer was that that the time was not
yet right and it is the same now then
when will the time come luu asked with
some
reluctance when the time comes it will
naturally arrive xia wuan replied thus
Lou you glar master this reply of yours
is too
perfunctory however since Master still
disagreed there was nothing that could
be done afterwards
first practiced for a while at his
master's place and then went to the
jinin dojo at Blue Star
University having won the 10,000 races
Heaven Pride battle
Championship he was now a superb
celebrity with people surrounding him
everywhere he went and blue star
University was no exception many
students as the first batch of people to
learn luu's method of Marshall da Jinan
so they respectfully addressed him as
the Marshall da ancestor
o this feels it's just not the same this
generation rubbing it in not to mention
these students even those teachers and
professors had approached luu to ask for
advice on the Marshall dajin Dan facing
the crowd's request for advice Lu you
didn't hide
anything however luu had no way to refer
to their caliber and give an answer that
they could understand only some straight
to the source explanations can be given
this caused a group of old professors
and teachers to be a bit confused and
then they discussed it and it took them
half a day to figure out luu's answer
when he wanted to ask for advice again
luu had already begun his
seclusion next he was going to break
into the ninth level of the trial
Mysteries before that it was necessary
to shut down for a period of time to
boost your strength as much as possible
chapter 209 extreme Divine beheading
time passed day by day and it was a week
in the blink of an eye this time luu
integrated the many insights he had
gained since the 10,000 Clans Heavens
Pride battle there's no doubt that this
adds to his overall strengths only what
made luu a bit unintelligible was what
exactly was the benefit of that wisp of
civilizations fire to himself a sense of
civil ation if it was just that little
bit of
Enlightenment it didn't seem to be
enough to match the value of this flame
of
civilization it should be more than that
thinking about it and not having a
result luu threw this question to the
almighty Marshall St Pops Pops gave an
immediate answer the flame of
civilization is used for two
purposes
41 it could be used as a bridge to
communicate the rules allowing luu to
have a higher rule
Affinity second the flame of
civilization was one of the key factors
in breaking through to the 10th realm
after receiving this answer luu then
realized the preciousness of this wisp
of civilization flame sure breaking
through to the 10th realm was just too
far away for the current luu The
increased affinity for rules is good
news with the end of The Retreat luu
didn't hesitate and stepped into the
secret Realm of Trials once again going
to break into the ninth level when luu
arrived at the secret realm of Trials
the news spread this was the first time
luu the champion of the 10,000 races
Heavens Pride battle had broken into the
trial mystery realm after his return
before that he had broken through the
eighth layer of the trial Mystic realm
and with that he was ranked number one
on the human rac's Heavens Pride ranking
after representing the human race to
participate in the 10,000 races Heavens
Pride battle he even went all the way
through and won the
championship making a name for himself
in the universe and now that he is
returning will he be able to break
through the ninth floor since the
establishment of blue star
University among the current students
those who were able to break through the
eighth level of the trial mystery realm
could be described as a phoenix as for
those who had broken through the ninth
level of the trial Mysteries there was
even only one person and that was the
former Marshall St Lu Chang xang now
will Lu you be the second person many
students from Blue Star University had
spent their credits to watch this
wonderful battle even some of the
teachers and professors were concerned
over you know there were quite a few of
those Seven Realms professors who hadn't
managed to break through the ninth floor
not to mention those University teachers
most of whom hadn't even broken through
the eighth floor at this moment louu had
walked to the ninth floor so one could
imagine how terrifying it was The Secret
World of Trials ninth floor the
gatekeeper looked at luu and said with
some
surprise how long has it been since I've
seen you you've actually gotten a little
stronger again the entire trial secret
realm the the coldest is his ninth floor
every month to this side of the barrier
trespassers can be said to be only a
handful what's more luu's age was still
so young so the Guardians of the ninth
floor were deeply impressed with luu
hello Guardian luu smiled and said
please let me see the power of domain 9
this scene seemed like deja vu but luu
was no longer the same as he was back
then and had obviously gotten a lot
stronger even the guardian of the ninth
floor nodded
cautiously PA he snapped his fingers and
the scene around him quickly changed a
sea of magma appearing directly below
domain world of fire this was no longer
a simple domain vaguely taking the shape
of a world and compared to a long time
ago this time luu's feelings about this
place were even more
genuine he didn't dare to be arrogant
and raised his hand to offer up his
Marshall Dow golden Dan what's that the
gatekeeper asked with some curiosity as
his eyes lit up this is a brand new
Marshall path that I have pioneered and
its name is Marshall da golden Dan luu
replied I see no wonder your strength
has improved so much the gatekeeper
suddenly realized he nodded and said the
last time I saw someone as amazingly
talented as you was already alone long
time ago it seems that the human race
has a
successor this time I'm going to be more
serious the gatekeeper laughed he then
raised his hands Wind and Fire chaos
unlike the last time when the Flames
danced this time there was an astral
wind joining in and the fire borrowed
the wind's momentum taking the power to
the next level raging Flames that
instantly filled the entire field the
power had increased by more than just a
little there's nowhere to hide there's
nowhere to run with the help of the
Ganan domain released by The Marshall
Ganan luu was barely able to fight back
however under the Furious attacks of the
wind in fire chaos this Ganan domain
could not be supported for long at all
but in an instant click click click
click the Gan Dan domain was about to
collapse luu didn't panic in the
slightest he narrowed his eyes raised
the long sword in his hand and directly
chopped Away Paul returned to the ruins
the sword light broke through the flames
in the sky and stabbed directly at the
gatekeeper it just strangled it in a
Flash passed no
the field did not
dissipate that gatekeeper is nothing
more than a fake body not bad for a
sword the voices of The Gatekeepers came
from all
directions however if you want to break
through the ninth floor with only this
skill it's really a Fool's errand show
your true colors the students who were
watching the battle saw this and their
eyes widened this sword returned to ruin
its power is so terrifying
this sword of the little Marshall saint
has been practiced to the point of
Purity yeah if it wasn't for the quick
reaction of the
gatekeeper he would have been
decapitated at this moment it's a Pity
that it was so close what does the
gatekeeper mean by this luu hasn't shown
his true skill yet could it be that
little Marshall Saints still has a
bottom card in addition to these
students
teachers and professors
even Fong Wang the president of blue
star
University hurriedly clicked on the live
stream and watched after hearing the
news this sword returning to the ruins
is really beautiful the difficulty of
the ninth floor is not low I'm afraid
that I won't be able to break through
with just this sword sure enough it's
going to get real Lou youu Who was in
the live streaming screen did not
hesitate for a second and directly
swallowed the golden Dan with this
golden elixir in his stomach under the
extreme speed all of luu's
attributes including his sixth sense
would be qualitatively improved he
raised his head and felt the peering of
eyes in a world of flames finding the
hiding place of the ninth level Keeper
at the corner of luu's mouth there was a
handti a smile then he said faintly then
you come and try this sword of mine with
just a simple starting stance the
gatekeeper froze for a moment as he
sensed an aura of danger and his
intuition told him that this sword
should definitely not be carried hard
principal Fong Wang similarly froze as
he furrowed his brows this sword this
sword is not simple sword Emperor Jiao
actually taught him all about this sword
and little Marshall Saint actually did
learn it it's still true in the ninth
level of the secret Realm of the trial
Leu held the joli shin Shing sword in
his hand and the runic patterns on the
sword body blossomed with a brilliant
light vaguely invoking the power of the
stars of Heaven and Earth feeling the
terrifying Aura brought about by this
sword the guardian of the ninth floor
could no longer remain calm and composed
as he couldn't help but ask what is the
name of this sword luu raised his head
and said with a smile
the name of this sword is Dash pull
chopping God chapter 210 talented Avatar
wind god- feathered wings
days this sword pole chopping God the
legendary Divine beheading one sword one
of Sword emperor jaia when yuan's best
techniques back then when the sword
Emperor was still in his Great Master
period he used this sword to behead
several Divine Sons as well well as a
Demag good it completely killed his Fame
I didn't think we'd be able to see this
sword with our own eyes what luck why
didn't little Marshall Saint use this
sword at the 10,000 Clans Heavens Pride
battle maybe didn't learn then it should
be I'm afraid that even sword Emperor
Jia didn't expect luu's progress to be
that fast blue star
University the students who were
watching the battle one was more excited
than the other who didn't expect this
battle to be so exciting almost all of
the students were well aware of how
terrifyingly difficult this ninth layer
was the difficulty of the ninth layer
and the eighth layer were not at all on
the same level if not blue star
University had been established for so
many years Lu Chang Chang wouldn't have
been the only one who had broken through
as a student in the eager attention of
all the
students blew you in the live broadcast
screen without the slightest
hesitation directly swung out a sword
pull Chopper a sword that stuns the
heavens indescribably terrifying energy
swept through the power of the stars of
Heaven and Earth all contained in this
sword a sword cut through Heaven Earth
clear bright the dancing fire the
ubiquitous as
wind completely
disappeared above the sky the lower half
of the ninth level guardian's body
disappeared he threw back his head and
laughed
painful ouch the sword was indeed
terrifying but he was not defeated by it
half of the guardian's body was
suspended in the air revealing a white
spine he lowered his head and spoke with
a smile just a little bit more
and you would have cut me down it's your
turn you get a taste of my move the name
of my move is Hell's Red Lotus rise and
dance Red Lotus fire from hell in an
instant the magma tumbled and boiled and
the terrifying Red Lotus flame quickly
emerged from the ground Legend has it
that the Red Lotus fire is the karmic
fire of hell that burns up all things
with Souls the Red Lotus flame that was
spreading across the sky at the moment
was similar to the legendary Karma flame
luu could only barely fight but he was
still unable to defeat this hell Red
Lotus flame and was eliminated from the
game and the blink of an eye breaking
and entering
failing still lost luu furrowed his
brows summarizing the many questions of
his party to
conclude if that sword Divine beheading
could be fully mastered then breaking
through the ninth floor would no longer
be a problem at that time if he had used
his talent sword da tonin and then used
the sword Xin Shen he might have been
able to behead the
gatekeeper but it doesn't make much
sense and he'll get hurt by it instead
as his strength increased and the power
of His attacks increased the more sword
Dow rules were needed and the greater
the negative effects brought about sword
da tonin this is a double-edged sword
that should never be used lightly until
the critical moment before he came here
he knew the difficulty of the ninth
level and was clear that it would be
difficult for him to break through after
all the ninth level of the domain was
not a level at all compared to the
eighth level of the domain just because
luu was able to defeat the domain 8
hijack didn't mean that he could defeat
the domain 9 Guardian after the domain's
great accomplishment
each weight was a Heavenly Rift seventh
weight domain great
fulfillment the eighth level the summit
ninth the world takes shape the
difference between a weight and a cloud
of mud how hard is it to cross the rift
valley in a short time luckily he was
open luu glanced at the system space and
on the most conspicuous position there
was an Immortal Elixir quietly placed
TIY purple gold pill because this Elixir
was too precious luu did not take it
easily his idea was simple let's first
wait until he had digested the gains he
had made during this period of time and
then look at the gap between himself and
the ninth level of the domain before
considering taking this Elixir at this
moment the previous two things had been
done and it was time to take this elixir
luu's heart was filled with anticipation
and he immediately went to the jinin
dojo
closure continue the retreat blue star
University the many students who watched
the battle only felt
breathtaking first it was the sword of
returning ruins that was utilized to the
extreme followed by a sword that
decimated the gods and cleared Heaven
and Earth finally it was the ninth floor
Guardian who made his ultimate move the
Red Lotus of hell when the battle is
over all the students immediately felt
unfulfilled
pity yeah that sword decimated the gods
and almost decimated the
gatekeeper but it's normal to lose it's
a ninth floor keeper yes back then the
Marshall Saint broke through the ninth
floor at the age of 14 and the little
Marshall Saint is now trying to break
through at the age of four
this is even more Heaven defying than
the Marshall Saint almost broke through
one sword to return to the ruins one
sword to cut down the gods it's too
powerful worthy of being the champion of
the 10,000 Clans Heaven Pride battle
that's right half of the ninth tier
guardsman's body is gone he's rarely
been in such a sorry state that was a
great battle the credits were well spent
in that case it should only be a matter
of time before the little Marshall Saint
breaks through the ninth floor this
growth rate is truly amazing the
students were talking about it the
teachers and professors were constantly
discussing it and even the principal
Fong Guang couldn't help but tsk tsk in
amazement a little bit short Fong shook
his head and said with emotion this Gap
isn't that big at most half a year you
should be able to break through by then
it should be the time when little
Marshall St leaves blue star
University Xin Shen Dojo after Lou you
adjusted his State he casually swallowed
the thay purple gold pill a clear stream
flowed down the mouth quickly flowing
into the five viscera six bowels and all
the limbs but in an instant
luu entered the state of
meditation a myriad of marvelous
Sensations flooded the mind at the
moment he is it was like sitting on a
plate in the middle of the cosmic stars
and River pondering the origin of the
great da it's a feeling like no other
luu was appalled it was indeed worthy of
being a ninth rank Immortal Elixir it's
extraordinary luu quickly discarded
distracting thoughts and became
completely absorbed in the great da it
was not known how long had passed but in
luu's mind array of spiritual light like
shooting stars in the sky rapidly
flashed by luu was slightly stunned and
quickly realized that this was the
opportunity to participate in the
essence Avatar it is written in the
effect of the Tha purple gold pill that
there is a probability of realizing an
innate Divine ability from it there is
only a certain probability
whether or not he could truly comprehend
it depended on luu's skill luu didn't
hesitate and immediately began to
immerse himself in it constantly
comprehending it in the meantime The
tiue Immortal cell taiu diffractive
Dharma pill began to operate slowly this
made luu's Enlightenment twice as
effective it's like a heavy fog being
lifted luu's eyes grew brighter and
brighter so it is so there
enlightened I'm
enlightened with the help of the tiu
immortal cells and the tiue diffractive
Dharma pill luu gradually comprehended A
Gifted Divine ability its name is wind
God feather the effect is pure and
direct an increase in pure speed one
word quick luu slowly opened his eyes
and his eyes flashed with Delight he
could clearly feel the power of this
innate Divine ability as the saying goes
all martial arts Under the Sun are
indestructible only fast and
unbreakable chapter 211 breaking through
the ninth floor passing through the
secret realm of Trials
originally the white Jade wind in fire
wheel a supreme treasure was considered
to have made up for luu's Flaws in his
stance however against the top
powerhouses it was difficult to gain the
upper hand with just the white Jade wind
and Fir wheel it wasn't that the white
Jade Wind and Fire whe didn't work
anymore but the increase it brought was
limited and hardly a decisive Factor
simply put abuse is fine however if they
met someone who was one level more
powerful than luu it wouldn't be very
good in favor of luu winning against the
strong with the weak and fighting across
levels belong to the family routine
that's going to be tough it really
wasn't that the white Jade Wind and Fire
wheel wasn't powerful but that the
opponents were one perverted after
another at this time an additional speed
type aptitude was really like a tiger
with wings wind God's feather luu
carefully felt the effects of this
talented Avatar and his heart grew more
and more in
admiration so much for that
luu took all three effects of the taiy
purple gold pill
afterwards luu felt for a while longer
and continued his cultivation to
maximize the effects of the Thai Violet
gold pill before saying so a few days
passed in the blink of an eye when luu
opened his eyes again his eyes were
filled with
delight yes it's just a great feeling to
be open it was indeed worthy of being an
immortal Elixir just off awesome it was
different from the taiu defra of Dharma
pill s thin stream the medicinal power
of Tai purple gold pill was released in
a short period of time the effect is
predictable the upper limit of Mana was
raised
significantly in addition luu had also
enlisted in the essence of the great da
the strength and realm were even
progressing by Leaps and Bounds the
Marshall da Jinan entered the level of
five revolutions if converted into a
domain it was equivalent to rapidly
breaking through from a one heavy domain
to a five heavy domain all at once in
addition luu's
Enlightenment which had obviously
improved a lot was the most important
thing relative to this point the
increase in strength in the front is
just an incidental effect the natural
Divine ability wind God feathered wings
was also completely mastered it's not
even an overstatement to describe the
chain at this moment in time is being
off the charts will I be able to break
through the ninth floor now one try and
you'll see without much thought luu got
up and left the god suppressing Dojo
heading in the direction of the secret
realm of
Trials this time when he took the thay
purple gold pill and closed his mind to
cultivate not much time had passed only
about 10 days had passed before and
after when luu appeared on the ninth
level of the secret real of Trials once
again the gatekeeper visibly froze for a
moment as he looked at luu with some
Shock almost thinking that he had
blurred his
eyes however even if the eyes are blurry
it's impossible to
misperceive so it's true how long has it
been this little guy has actually gotten
stronger his strength was completely
different compared to 10 days ago you
the gatekeeper looked at luu in
astonishment and couldn't help but ask
how did you
cultivate how did you get so much
stronger in a short period of time when
Lou you heard this he smiled and said
because I'm a genius
gatekeeper
genius if you count as a genius what
does that make the rest of the students
at Blue Star
University luu's Natural Talent was
clearly no longer enough to be described
by the word genius come on let me see
your progress Within These 10 days the
keeper snapped his fingers and the world
of flames quickly
manifested he knew how powerful luu was
so he didn't dare to be careless and
went all out as soon as he came up the
Red Lotus of Hell spewing out from the
magma swooped down on luu in just an
instant when luu broke through the ninth
floor again and the word is out it's
causing quite a bit of concern
many students
teachers and even professors were a bit
surprised that Lu you couldn't wait to
break through the barrier again after
only 10 days had passed could it be that
his strength had skyrocketed Within
These 10 days how is this possible nope
it's still a real
possibility too many miracles have
happened to luu so it makes sense that
this kind of Insanity would be put on
him instead but here's the thing even if
his strength had improved it would still
be difficult to break through the ninth
floor right that's what the vast
majority of people think most students
did not spend credits to watch the
breakout battle because they were shy
anyway it's a sure loss nothing to see
here however some older
students and teachers don't care about
the credits
previously there there were some people
who had missed the live stream of luu's
previous battle so they couldn't miss it
this time there was no hesitation to
spend credits and watch the live stream
the battle had only begun at the moment
and everyone stared in
disbelief nice guy as soon as he came up
the ninth level's Guardian was on fire
directly with the ultimate move hell's
Red Lotus the moment the countless Red
Lotus flames pounced on luu it's almost
a sure thing as a result countless
strands of ghostly blue light suddenly
appeared behind luu's back and those
lights quickly formed a pair of
feathered wings feathers lifting their
wings few it was hardly flight more like
instantaneous transfer luu disappeared
in place and when he
reappeared he had already arrived high
above the sky Where The Red Lotus flame
was still burning what a speed everyone
who saw this scene all couldn't help but
exclaim in shock that's a horrible speed
Lu you hadn't used it last time is this
the latest bottom card
cultivated in just 10 days the junior
Marshall saint has cultivated such a
powerful stance the pair of feathered
wings in the picture was just too
powerful allowing luu's speed to
increase by Leaps and
Bounds however
within the nine Realms attacks have a
sure hit special effect no matter where
luu dodged or fled it would hit as
expected the Red Lotus of Hell continued
to spread and continue to burn and in
just the twinkling of an eye it filled
the entire domain space the live feed
facing the Red Lotus flame that filled
the entire domain space luu just swooped
down and the wind God feathered behind
him spread out
violently all that followed was the
sound of Zip Zip Zip Zip Dash those
feathered wings actually cut through the
realm and swept through the cracks in
space not fearing the burning of the Red
Lotus flame at all no can it still be
that's okay seeing this scene
all the old students and teachers all
stared with white eyes all of them
stunned
even the guardian of the ninth floor did
not expect luu to have this move between
the flying
shuttles luu had already gotten close
and without the slightest
hesitation he directly swung his sword
and chopped out Paul returned to the
ruins with this extremely close range
sword the guardian could no longer
resist and instantly turned into flying
dust ninth pass easily passed at this
this point the entire secret realm of
Trials was considered to be cleared the
sculpture like Marshall ancestors
suddenly sensed something he raised his
head and stared in dismay actually
really let him break through the ninth
floor how many years has it been how
many years has it been since a student
broke through the ninth floor haha I
didn't expect it I really didn't expect
it without much thought Marshall
ancestor immediately publicized this
news he had to irritate the guys who
weren't trying hard enough just for a
moment all the students
teachers and professors of blue star
martial arts university received an
email at the same time chapter 212 and
email caused a furer blue star
University whether it was a new student
or an old student a teacher or a
professor at this moment an email was
received at the same time the professors
who were instructing martial arts the
students who were practicing and the
teachers who were discussing martial
arts with each other all froze for a
moment when they saw this email are you
sure this email was actually sent from
wuzu what happened
surprisingly this lord of the trial
Mystic realm the martial ancestor of the
human race was owed to personally send
an email to them without
hesitation and with intense
curiosity this email was quickly opened
but it says just now freshman luu has
successfully broken through the ninth
floor of the secret realm of Trials he
is the only one who has passed the
secret Realm of the trial among all the
students and the only one who has passed
the secret Realm of the trial among all
the freshmen I hope that all of you will
take this as an example and never forget
your beginnings and continue to pursue
the limits of the martial arts the email
was very simple just these three lines
of text but the content of the email
shocked
everyone what little Marshall Saint
passed the ninth floor to have cleared
the entire secret realm of Trials while
a student only a marshall saint of that
year could do it among the new students
there has never been such a feat against
the heavens two against the heavens
sya who was practicing hard couldn't
help but Marvel out little luu this is
blue is better than blue a by eugin sked
in
amazement this really let him pass the
trial secret realm many of the old
professors rubbed their eyes preferring
to believe that their old eyes were
blurred
rather than believing that a new student
could break through the ninth layer of
the trial Mystic realm this
news it's just crazy blue star
University Chancellor's office principal
Fong Guang was discussing the recent
annual appraisal matter with Vice
Headmaster
chiuan
inevitably luu's name was mentioned
during this time after all he's just too
much of a scene stealer champion of the
10 th000 Clans Heavens Pride battle the
founder of the martial arts path of
Ganan even those teachers had to honor a
martial ancestor the strength was even
more
terrifying actually being able to fight
with the Guardians of the ninth level of
the trial Mystic realm to luu even the
most difficult tests were nothing more
than a
Sprinkle this made them Wonder for a
moment how to arrange luu for the best
just then an email was sent
ha when Fong Wang saw the initiator of
this mass email he inevitably found it a
bit
unbelievable
wooo without much thought Fong Wang
hurriedly looked at it on the side vice
principal Chuan also looked up soon the
Expressions on the two men's faces
became quite wonderful this is breaking
through the ninth level of the secret
realm of Trials Fong Wang opened his
mouth 10 days ago Fong Wang had watched
luu's breakthrough at that time
louu although he had chopped off half of
the guardian's body with a single sword
but there are actually quite a few gaps
between the two sides if the gatekeeper
had gone all out the moment he came up
Lu you wouldn't have even had the chance
to make that Divine beheading sword of
course to be able to force out the hell
Red Lotus of the ninth floor Guardian
luu was already very
powerful therefore Fong bang deduced
that it would only take about half a
year at most for luu to break through
the ninth
layer however how many days has it been
after Fong Wang finished reading this
email he turned his head to look at the
vice principal and the two of them
looked at each other for a long time
before immediately pulling up the video
of luu's breakthrough soon luu's break
through screen appeared above the light
screen after seeing luu's ease of
movement and the ease of clearing the
level without even using a single sword
to decimate the gods the two of them
were filled with shock in their eyes ha
this broke through not even a bloody
battle F Wang's eyes widened how long
has it been and this kid has shed his
skin again
outrageous the vice principal on the
side couldn't help but spit out
this is the ninth level of the secret
realm of
Trials yeah it's
outrageous Fong Wang nodded his
expression somewhat numb Marshall Saints
residence Lu Chan Chan was talking to
bayu ya suddenly Lu Ching's face
stiffened what happened BYU Yael on the
side asked
curiously little
Lui Lu Chang xang said with an odd
expression on his face he actually broke
through the ninth layer of the secret
realm of trial so quickly ha by yuyo was
inevitably a bit surprised when she
heard this breaking through the ninth
layer I remember the ninth layer it's
the ninth level of the domain that's the
gatekeeper right yes standard strength
domain 9 Lu Chang Shing nodded he's
really worthy of being your son he is
actually even more powerful than you
were back then Bay yuyo said with a
smile yeah Lu Chang Shang said with some
bitterness why do you have this
expression BYU Yao asked somewhat
strangely you don't seem happy that he
broke through the ninth floor it's like
this Dash Lu chonging simply told the
story what when by Yu ya heard this she
couldn't calm down and couldn't help but
look at her angrily are are you going to
kill my son that's a
pristine unexplored secret realm am I
crazy or are you crazy The Reincarnation
Tower and the heaven Pride battle
although the competition is fierce at
least there won't be any worries about
one's life what is that primordial
secret realm even a martiall Emperor
going deeper has the probability of
falling some particularly dangerous
ancient relics even a 10th Marshall
Saint like you has the probability of
falling into them now you're actually
planning to let him break into the
taiway mysterious realm no way
absolutely not he's just too small I
wouldn't agree to that in the face of
bayu Ya's Fierce opposition Lu changing
nodded and said calmly you're right of
course there will be some dangers even
if I carve a soul seal for him
there's a certain probability that
something will go wrong but the problem
is he's already a Heavenly Pride who can
pass the ninth level of the trial Mystic
realm so how much longer are you going
to shelter him how will he grow up if he
never lets go his talent is above mine
can you bear to see him be mediocre for
the rest of his life the moment these
words came out by yuyo fell silent after
a long time she let out a helpless sigh
too soon it doesn't feel that long ago
that he was nestled in my arms how long
has it been and he's already going solo
time flies when Li Chang xang heard this
he smiled bitterly and said it's really
not that time has passed too quickly but
that this kid is too Heaven defying blue
star
University l u who had just cleared the
secret realm of Trials didn't know what
an uproar he had caused he just felt
extraordinarily free the effect of this
innate Divine ability wind God's
feathered wings was much better than he
had expected it was actually able to cut
through the nine Realms of space and fly
through the gaps in space if not for
that it would have been impossible for
him to easily decimate the ninth floor
Guardian definitely a lot more work one
could only say that it was truly worthy
of being being a talented Avatar that
one would only have the opportunity to
realize with the help of the Tai purple
gold pill just then a line of mission
completion appeared in front of luu's
eyes chapter
213 stage one Quest qualify for an
expedition to The Secret World
completed Mission reward yuanling fruit
has been issued scanning the text in
front of him luu took another look at
the details of the Quest reward fruit of
the spirit rank seventh quality perfect
type
consumable effects after taking it it
can rapidly enhance one's cultivation
level description a kind of Heaven and
Earth rare treasure naturally grown in
the north of the extreme North although
the great is not too high but the energy
is extremely pure it is a rare and
excellent treasure look looking at the
description of the treasure in front of
him luu's face was calm now that his
eyes were raised so much ordinary
seventh rank Treasures were no longer
enough to surprise him this first phase
of the mission was not too difficult it
was considered an introductory stage
Quest so it was normal for the quest
rewards given to be of a low grade but
even though the grade was not high from
the
description this Yuan link fruit was
very practical and very suitable for the
current luu luu now had yet to reach the
peak of the fifth realm although the
strength had already stepped into the
seventh
realm however the cultivation level was
still stopped at the pre-middle stage of
the fifth realm there was also a real
need for Treasures like the yuanling
fruit in fact as the son of the Marshall
Saint luu did not lack cultivation
resources
and similar Treasures there were quite a
few but compared to these things
rewarded by the system the quality was
obviously
inferior after arriving at the Xin Shin
Dojo luu ate the Yuan Ling fruit and
closed his eyes to cultivate for a
period of time when he came out again
luu's realm smoothly came to the late
fifth realm I have to say this Yuan Ling
fruit is really effective after
cultivating for a while longer one would
be able to reach the peak of the fifth
realm and then the sixth realm with
luu's current strength whether it was a
sixth realm Grandmaster or a seventh
realm
Grandmaster there was no longer a
so-called threshold that existed the
only thing that was slightly more
difficult was the eighth realm Marshall
King which involved the power of rules a
few days later Yao Guang Pavilion the
congregation is is hosting a sendoff
party everyone looked at luu
reluctantly even though everyone knew
that with Big Brother's natural Talent
he would definitely leave the blue star
and go out to make a name for himself
soon but no one expected the day to come
so early when will we see each other
again at the banquet luu raised his wine
glass and drank the milk inside showing
the heroic and heroic attitude I'm going
here to open up the borders for the
human
race this is my duty as the son of a
marshall Saint feeling the unwilling
gazes of the crowd louu was somewhat
touched as he said
seriously there are some things that
someone has to do if I don't do it who
will do it big brother I'm willing to go
to the taiway star realm with you xuang
opened his mouth with red eyes big
brother I am also willing to go with you
you ing also spoke up big brother take
us there we are willing to help the
crowd opened their mouths and scrambled
to follow luu to the taiway star domain
luu heard this but he waved his hand and
said
helplessly although I also can't bear to
see you guys go the taiway star domain
isn't as peaceful as this side of the
blue star it's very dangerous over there
with the invasion of foreign races civil
unrest large-scale Interstellar Wars and
all sorts of dangerous situations
occurring frequently so how can I bear
to see you guys step into the sea of
fire
moreover you are still too young to grow
up now after all later on when you grow
up a bit and become stronger you'll
naturally be able to come with me to the
taiway astral domain since you recognize
me as your elder brother
you should listen to me the crowd was
silent as they listened to these words
each one looking at luu with
reluctance it's a scene that's both
touching and a little funny at the same
time outside of yagang Pavilion Chuan
hon looked at her own foolish son's
silly appearance and couldn't help but
cover her face her heart was helpless
this foolish son of his own family had
been completely bowled over by Lu
Ching's son this is pretty good if you
don't do anything stup stupid nah one
stupid thing after another first he made
a fuss about going to the Frontline
Battlefield of the taiway star domain
and then he made a fuss about emptying
his family's money and investing in the
side of the taiway star domain that kind
of barren planet that is not a bird's
nest I'm afraid that even if he invests
even more it will be a losing
business right at first Chuan Hong was
strongly opposed
simply did not want to follow chuang's
nonsense but then after calming down and
thinking about it he felt that this
matter I'm afraid it's not that simple
knowing that luu had won the
championship of the 10,000 races Heavens
Pride battle and obtained the largest
strand of the flame of
civilization he would surely receive a
revelation from the flame of
civilization but when he came back the
Marshall Saint didn't make much of a
move from start to finish except for the
little Marshall Saint pulling a bunch of
kids to invest in the taiway
Starfield this inevitably made Chuan hon
think a bit
more however the matter was important
Chuan Hong did not act rashly but wanted
to try Ling's mouth first but did not
receive any answer Chuan Hong couldn't
help but feel a little torn to gamble or
not to gamble after agonizing for some
days Chuan Hong decided to gamble taking
out the majority of his family's Fortune
he fully supported little Marshall Saint
contribute people money
supplies and
weapons without expecting anything in
return but also to remodel the taiway
Starfield in all aspects the moment this
decision was made the entire Chu family
was a buzz quite a few Chu family
members
all felt that the family head had gone
crazy actually following a small child
to fool around each and every one of
them naturally objected strongly however
Chu Tian Hong's mind was made up and
decided to be bent on having his own way
just now after the Marshall St Lu
changing knew about this matter he was
not surprised and did not oppose it but
instead he said in a salty manner he
could let Chuan Hong invest in it this
subtle attitude made Chuan Hong a little
surprised and at the same time more
certain of one thing the revelation of
the flame of civilization was more than
likely in the taiway
Starfield this investment of his that
pressed almost all of his family's
wealth should not be
bloodless as luu took the S-Class ship
Polaris and rushed to the taiway star
domain it was only then that Marshall St
Lu Chang Chang revealed that the
revelation of the flame of civilization
was somewhere in the taiway star domain
it's impossible to hide such a big event
such a big commotion from everyone so it
might as well be published news flash
for a moment an unknown number of people
almost slapped their thighs
previously their son had approached them
to pull in
Investments asking them to support the
little Marshall Saint by contributing
people money and effort to remodel the
138 living planets in the taiway astral
domain this doomed Blood Money business
naturally there are a lot of people who
are
reluctant even if they feel that this
matter may not be simple but there are
still some people who do not dare to
gamble after all if the gamble was lost
most of the family fortune would be
gone however the situation is now
announced that the place of the
revelation of the civiliz fire is in the
taiway
Starfield what does that amount to it's
roughly equivalent to advanced notice
you to buy the impending demolition of
the house but you do not dare to go to
buy think that there may be fraud in it
the result of the turn of the people
really
demolished
naturally it is too late to catch up
chapter 214 The Outpost is about to fall
the Polaris
spacecraft fly with the larger group
gradually accelerated to the speed of
light before embarking on a cosmic
shuttle the next 12 days of flight
Through the Wormhole would be required
to reach the tayway Starfield 12 million
light years away no matter how many
times he had made a cosmic flight luu
still couldn't help but Lament The
vastness of the
universe according to Lu changings
narration in fact the scope of existence
of the universal 10,000 races was merely
the the tip of the iceberg of the
observable universe it is still an
unknown how many powerful communities
there are beyond the observable universe
beyond that impenetrable Cosmic wall the
stars and the
universe it's
fascinating isn't it beside luu Marshall
Emperor Hong asked with a smile he was
one of the Disciples of luu's old man
and was also the chief person in charge
of this taiway mysterious Realm luu had
met with him a few times during the New
Year luu nodded and said with emotion no
matter how many times I've come to the
universe all the images in front of me
still fascinate me haha hunza said with
a smile Master used to say that endless
Mysteries endless
unknowns this is the nature of the
universe it's possible that outside of
the cosmic 10,000 races the 10th realm
isn't the liit there might be an 11th
realm a 12th realm it's all possible
Master also said that there is a great
possibility that there are other
universes outside of this universe like
galaxies in the universe and that there
may be countless unknown universes
suspended Beyond ours the universe is so
big and mysterious that anything can
happen when luu heard these words it was
inevitable that his heart would yearn
for them if we go by pops not to mention
the human Community even the 10,000
races of the universe are just a drop in
the ocean this is just so shocking luu
was a little
heartbroken I wonder if one day he will
be able to see The Wider World seeing
Junior brother luu wandering off into
the heavens Hong laughed and continued I
think that what Master is saying is that
no matter how impressive the
achievements are compared to the entire
universe we're still not worth
mentioning so at all times keep a humble
heart luu came back to his senses when
he heard this I see Hong laughed as he
continued let me roughly talk to you
about the situation of the taiway astral
domain as well as the specifics of the
taiway secret realm trouble Lou you
nodded the taiway Starfield spans to 1
million light years it's a very vast and
very Barren
Starfield with only 120 or so living
planets and not many mineral planets
that can be mined either it's a
completely worthless waste planet or
it's a garbage planet with only a little
bit of value that's not worth the cost
of
mining however despite the fact that
there aren't any available planets this
Starfield however borders the starfields
occupied by the evil God Clan
as well as the Holy Spirit Clan and the
blood moon Clan each of these three
powerful
Clans this belongs to a place where
soldiers must fight and it absolutely
cannot be easily thrown away
otherwise the interior of our human race
will be driven into by those foreign
races in fact before this many
astrologists had speculated that the
taiway Starfield was so large that it
could not be worthless and that where
the major star veins were located there
was most likely a secret realm hidden
it's just that for such a long time no
matter how much probing was done there
was no way to find the secret realm that
the astrologers were talking about and
this matter was gradually
forgotten until this time you won the
champion of the 10,000 races Heavens
Pride battle and through the revelation
of the flame of
civilization we managed to open the door
to that secret realm I have to say you
are a credit to our human race hunza
smiled and padded Lu U's tiny shoulder
then
continued this taiway secret realm after
a simple probe estimate reaches a
staggering two eight light years in
diameter two eight light years luu
couldn't help but smack his lips when he
heard this it's not that he hasn't
hasn't seen the world but because the
second stage of the mission is explore
1% of the secret area and bring back
Treasures of equal value how can this be
explored if this secret place which is a
full
two8 light years away you know the
diameter of the solar system is only
zero 003 light years luu could not have
explored even 1% of the range even if he
explored until he died the difficulty of
this Mission it shouldn't be that high
right Hong was not surprised by luu
surprise the taiway secret realm was
considered to be the largest known
secret realm within the human race hunga
continued the currently known secret
Realms are roughly categorized into
three types the first is a naturally
occurring secret realm the second is a
secret realm that has been transformed
into a world through a domain and the
third an artificially transformed
natural secret realm this too eight
light years of taiway secret realm is
the third type an artificially modified
natural secret realm which is large in
scope but is mostly a
voidland there are only nine indigenous
civilizations in there in the meantime
we've set up an outpost in one of the
indigenous
civilizations the next plan is to expand
into a Frontline milit Ary base and get
a complete foothold in one of the
civilizations luu nodded slightly when
he heard this if that was the case then
the system's Mission should only be to
explore these indigenous civilization
areas not those void lands of the secret
realm after all there was nothing in
those places and there was no value in
exploring them at all hunga paused his
voice becoming serious as he said
earnestly because the rules of the world
are completely different
there's no way for our human rac's
technological weapons such as the Star
Destroyer Cannon and things like that to
get over there and use them because of
the limitations of the world's rules it
is difficult for Marshall King realm and
Marshall Emperor realm powerhouses to
enter it in a short period of time one
must fully adapt to the secret realm
rules before entering in short inside
the current secret realm the strongest
in our human team is just the peak of
the seventh realm this is arguably the
toughest phase and The Outpost could be
discovered and overrun at any time that
is to say once you enter the secret
realm you'll have to fend for yourself
because no strong person can protect you
see what I mean when luu heard this he
knew that this was an attempt to
dissuade himself but he still nodded I
understand you understand honza wanted
to say then
continued let me tell you more
specifically about these nine indigenous
civilizations actually hunga didn't know
much after all the human race had only
established an outpost at the moment
still it's useful to know this
information in advance 12 days passed in
the blink of an eye when the ship left
the
Wormhole it had come to the vicinity of
the taiway secret realm through the
window of the spaceship it was possible
to see that in the distance there was a
super military
Fortress like a mechanical Planet
suspended in the Starry Sky the Airship
soon docked in the aerodrome of the
military
Fortress just after getting off the
Airship someone flew over and reported
the latest news to
hunza Commander Hong just now
a message was sent from the taiway
secret realm asking for help The Outpost
has suffered heavy
casualties the situation is critical and
it is about to fall chapter 215 an
ingenious
misunderstanding when these words came
out the faces of the accompanying crowd
changed slightly luu was slightly
stunned
originally he was still thinking about
how to explore the secret realm when he
arrived in it
who knew it would be an accident the
human Outpost is in critical condition
with heavy casualties and is about to
fall it was kind of predicted by
Huntsman The Outpost could also be
discovered at any time and then
overrun worst case
scenario it just happened honza furrowed
his brows and immediately asked what are
the
casualties what are the enemy numbers
according to the news coming from the
secret realm more than 10,000 martial
artists stationed at The Outpost are
currently half dead or injured the
person reporting the news spoke
extremely fast just 12 hours ago the
holy realm civilization that The Outpost
was stationed in sent at least 200 0000
troops to surround it this is still a
conservative estimate hearing this hung
zun nodded then quickly ordered the
deployment of support troops only after
arranging everything did Hong look at
luu the situation at the front line is
unclear so you won't be able to enter
the secret realm for at least a few more
months luu looked up at Hong and said
seriously I want to go over to support
at these words hunza furrowed his brows
as he shook his head I'm sorry that's
not possible the situation is critical
now if you go over it this time it's
almost no no different from sending
someone to their death there's no way
I'm going to allow you to go over there
there's no room for
negotiation and since you've come to the
front you'll have to follow my orders
luu insisted if I don't dare to go over
there because the situation is dangerous
then what's the point of me coming over
here hearing this many people around
them looked at luu in Surprise even
without introducing himself luu was
still
recognized luu had too many names on him
that were too loud it was hard not to
recognize him no one expected that the
little Marshall Saint would actually
come to the taiway star domain and dare
to go to the secret realm for support so
brave the situation over there was very
dangerous now even the peak of the
seventh realm could fall at any time
although the little Marshall Saint was
powerful and had won the 10,000 Heaven's
Pride battle not long ago in the end he
was only at the fifth realm and just
like the words of the chief commander
there was no difference between going
over there and sending them to their
deaths no means no hon said somewhat
helplessly even if it's the same
Adventure there's still a difference if
you go over there now you're practically
looking for death don't worry luu spoke
again
I won't die that easily
reassured how can you be at ease hung
zide not wanting to talk about this
nonsense with luu anymore yet just then
luu touched his forehead and with the
injection of energy the soul Mark left
behind by Lu Chang Ching slightly
revealed a hint if anything Hong was
just about to arrange luu when he
suddenly felt that familiar Aura in the
center of his brow and he couldn't help
but freeze his eyes slowly widening what
it was he couldn't have known better
Master's breath is this a soul seal so
so no wonder luu dared to say that he
wouldn't die so easily could it be that
Master had predicted in advance that
there would be problems at The Outpost
so let Liu come over with this Soul seal
to support
that's timely The Outpost was about to
fall and
hunga as the commanderin-chief
naturally had a headache but he had to
force himself to act calm if he was
panicking then the others would
naturally Panic even more so even if it
was hard he had to play it cool
originally still in the headach it this
support how the result is still unknown
who knows that the master is so
predictable in just a moment hunga
figured it out he smiled faintly and
said to luu since you want to go over to
support then follow the support unit
over go to formation
019 shiao pan take him over there yes
aitan pan wiow immediately answered it
was only after luu left that the
surrounding crowd re acted each one of
them suddenly staring with white eyes
unable to believe that H actually did
agree no the situation in the secret
realm was so critical sending luu the
son of a marshall Saint e what's wrong
with that if something goes wrong who is
responsible crazy crazy are you Huntsman
crazy me or us at that time a marshall
King raised an objection but it was
countered back by
hunga don't worry there won't be any
problems this Marshall King stared with
white eyes really not understanding the
source of hung's confidence how could
there not be problems are you crazy
Huntsman smiled and asked
rhetorically do you know about Soul
seals Soul seal
Marshall King yon
froze yes an existence at the 10th realm
level will have many special abilities
and the Soul seal is one of them Hong
nodded and explained leave the soul seal
on the body of The
Descendant set the trigger conditions
such as when life and death are in
danger the soul seal will be
stimulated once
inspired the soul seal will transform
into a doppelganger whose strength is
close to that of the main body and
although there will be a certain time
limit after all it is a 10th realm
doppelganger and its strength is still
incomparably terrifying and it can
flatten all powerful enemies in a short
period of time hearing this you phone
even if he was stupid understood what
you mean is Right hungan nodded and said
with a smile on the body of the little
Marshall Saint there is the soul Mark of
a marshall Saint I told you Yong
suddenly realized the source of honza's
confidence in that case there really
wasn't any problem at all with having
luu support The
Outpost just by encountering a life and
death crisis Lu chongqing's doppelganger
would manifest and no matter how many
armies the sanctuary civilization sent
out and how strong the generals were in
front of Lu Chang xang they would all be
drags a direct horizontal push would be
the end of the matter in a primordial
secret realm like this the strongest
existences were only at the peak of the
ninth realm even if there was a time
limit and the battle power was Far
inferior to that of the main body but
that was after all a 10th realm
doppelganger and it simply wasn't
something that the peak of the ninth
realm could touch this Soul seal is also
too convenient yone
lamented if only there were a few more
of them how could it be that good Hong
shook his head and said with emotion to
carve a soul seal even an existence like
Masters would have to bear a great price
not to mention those ancient gods of the
foreign races most of them don't even
have the so power to part with their
soul seals to put it mildly it's
slightly wasteful for Master's Soul seal
to be used up here y foone nodded so
that's how it is after a while hza made
a communication call to Lu changing luu
has arrived at the taiway Starfield Lu
changing faintly asked in the
communication
screen yes hungun nodded then exclaimed
in
admiration Master you really do
anticipate things like a god whom L
Chang xang glanced at hunga somewhat
strangely what happened hunga
immediately told the story listening to
Hong's narration Lu Chang shing's face
became a little odd he hadn't really
expected that luu would encounter such a
Troublesome matter as soon as he went
over one's own soul seal soon to be
consumed but that's good first the
crisis at the outposts has been resolved
secondly it was still too early for luu
to start a life and death Adventure come
back early 3 years from now and take
your
chances chapter 216 how could you not be
afraid the first support troops totaling
five 0000 fifth realm 56th realm and
57th realm although luu was in the fifth
realm he he already had seventh realm
battle power so he was also counted as a
seventh realm little Marshall Saint
don't worry I will protect you even if I
have to put my life on the line just as
luu came over a seventh realm
Grandmaster smiled and spoke his name is
Shan Leu this was an older martial
artist who was over 100 years old it was
just that after living for over a
hundred years his Chi and blood hadn't
declined so his appearance wasn't much
different from that of a young man and
his strength was still at its peak the
way of the martial artist while not
exactly long lived can stay young for a
long time it's practically born for
battle however once the chi and blood
begin to slip they age rapidly quickly
transitioning from a youthful state to
middle age and not long after that old
age
jonle used words caused a chorus of
laughter as if this was not a trip to
fight for his life but an outing
wayone who was on the side also smiled
and spoke yes little Marshall Saint we
will absolutely ensure your safety luu's
status was too
honorable and even though it might slow
them down still no one disliked him
instead they had to try their best to
protect him even if the cost was life of
course there were also great Patriarchs
who were
disdainful and were quite offended by
luu's risky
Behavior this trip over there is to
fight to the death not to play luu had
previously at most ventured to places
like the 10,000 Clans Heavens Pride
battle which was not at all the same
concept as a real
Battlefield it's true that people can
die here why come and cause trouble when
you can just stay at the base what a
pain in the ass of course there are
those who think more they rather felt
that luu coming over was not a good
thing as long as luu was preserved from
Death then no matter how many losses
were incurred and how great a price was
paid there would be a steady stream of
support troops coming in until the war
was one because the little Marshall
Saint is here who would dare abandon
this Outpost
it's a very simple truth the crowd had
different minds but no matter who it was
the way they treated luu was considered
quite okay even those great Masters who
were unhappy in their hearts didn't dare
to fling their faces at luu after all
his identity was here and he dared to
enter the primordial Mysteries with them
which was even more courageous hearing
these words luu smiled and spoke up as
well since you guys are protecting me I
will protect you as well this was met
with a chorus of
laughter
obviously no one took luu's words to
Heart they did admit though that luu was
indeed strong terrifying natural talent
and unlimited potential but the problem
was that luu was just too small he
didn't have much combat
experience especially never in a life
and death struggle on top of a
Battlefield most
importantly he was only at the fifth
realm even if he was more powerful he
was still just a fifth realm Heavenly
Pride the Gap in realm determined the
Gap in energy and it was difficult for
luu to have much play the special
spacecraft accelerated
continuously passing through the secret
realm's special barrier and entering the
taiway secret realm Buzz only after
entering the secret Realm
the crowd immediately felt different
it's an
indefinable indefinable feeling it's
awkward it's hard Indescribable nausea
many great Masters couldn't help but dry
heave luu didn't feel bad he just felt
strange he felt the strange sensation
carefully and couldn't help but say this
is rules different this feels completely
different from our universe
right this type of primordial secret
realm that has just been discovered will
have this uncomfortable
feeling only you who was on the side
held back his nausea and spoke as long
as it's fully developed it won't have
this feeling sit tight the ship is going
to start
accelerating the transport ship sped
through the bizarre Starry Sky The
Starry Sky here is like a drawing board
filled with swirls of Str strange colors
just a quick glance shows that it's not
at all the same universe as the one
outside I don't know how long had passed
but a continent suddenly appeared in
front of them not a planet but a
continent with a round Sky seeing this
scene luu's eyes widened in some
surprise at the end of this continent
there were oceans rushing down flowing
through an endless cliff into the
endless void the scene was extremely
spectacular fantastic and magical here
it is beside luu sure how the Army Chief
who hadn't said anything suddenly opened
his eyes as he stared dead at the
distant continent and said earnestly
everyone get ready for the upcoming
landing on the Divine ruins continent
before coming here luu had already
roughly understood the basic information
over here in the Divine ruins Contin
there were a total of three
civilizations Sanctuary
civilization Immortal feather
civilization and ancient Market
civilization these three great secret
realm civilizations were at odds with
each other and the wars hardly ever
stopped in addition to these three major
civilizations there were also six secret
civilizations that weren't in the Divine
ruins continent but were in another
place the fleet re oriented itself and
swooped downward about to enter this
mysterious continent communicate down
that we will be arriving at the Divine
ruin continent in 3 minutes and that we
will be arriving at The Outpost position
in 30 minutes a battle could break out
at any moment all prepare for battle
repeat a battle may occur at any time be
ready to fight Legion Commander shha
said loudly with his communication
device
listening to the words of the army Chief
around luu all the Seven Realms Grand
Masters began to prepare their combat
equipment and weapons the
atmosphere which had been quite Pleasant
instantly became tense there is great
Terror between life and death even if
the crowd could do it as if they were
dying righteousness enters the secret
world for support can really face the
life and death of the time still cannot
help but tense up even luu feeling the
solemn
atmosphere his expression could not help
but become
serious
previously breaking into the
reincarnation Tower and participating in
the 10,000 Clans Heavens Pride battle
didn't have the concept of death it was
more like a game it's not at all the
same thing compared to now this is a
true life and death Adventure luu had
thought that he might be a touch scared
might be a touch
fearful might be a touch
regretful as it turned out it didn't not
to mention fear fear regret Lu you was
even a little excited a little
inexplicably excited it's like an eagle
Taking Flight for the first time feeling
the vastness of Heaven and Earth again
it's like a fish in a fishbowl flopping
in a river or lake for the first time a
very wonderful feeling quickly roamed
his heart causing luu's eyes to become
extraordinarily bright fighting fighting
he was very much looking forward to the
next fight beside luu Jean Leu was just
about to comfort him when he suddenly
sought his leaping eyes and froze a
fledgling Eagle who has never been on an
Interstellar
Battlefield a genius who has never
experienced life and death adventures
and who is about to rush to the front
line at this moment
can be the least bit fearful chapter 217
L 's true strength there are some people
who are born to fight on the
battlefield
inexplicably Jean Le you thought of
these words it was something the company
Commander had said to himself alone long
time ago when he was a new recruit he
had since seen similar Expressions on
the faces of many army Chiefs and
Generals who would have thought it's
amazing to see it on a child's face at
the moment off the charts it's so
newborn most technological weapons can't
be used because of the different rules
but it's good to know that special
communication devices aren't affected by
The Secret World at the moment Legion
Commander Sher how was giving the battle
plan each formation had a mission for
each
formation including the 09 th formation
that luu was in formation 019
including luu had a total of 67 realm
Warriors 456 realm Warriors and 455
realm Warriors in the army of men as
soon as you reach the fifth realm you
earn the title of
Lieutenant usually a second
Lieutenant
afterwards by earning military honors
you can continue to advance in rank
advancing to Lieutenant and Captain but
usually by the time you reach the
captain you've basically broken through
to the sixth realm sixth Realms that
have accumulated enough military Merit
are even able to obtain the title of
school officer that is
Major however among the school officials
most of them were mainly seventh realm
martial artists the titles are mostly
major Lieutenant Colonel and colonel
as for the rank of major or even Major
General the military service is an
astronomical figure and there are also
requirements for the realm at least to
break through to the eighth realm this
time there were no eighth realm
powerhouses in the support Force because
of the rule
restrictions and because of the
limitations on the number of people who
could enter every single one of the
support ones that came in was the elite
of the elite however ever even with such
an Elite Force this line it's still a
bad one because what the crowd is
fighting against is an entire
civilization comm's team haven't you
contacted Outpost 001 yet I need to know
the battle situation over there by all
means contact me within 3 minutes Legion
Commander sure how roared in Anger the
situation was a bit out of his
prediction
obviously he had already entered the
Divine ruins continent and reached the
contact range of the instant messaging
but he still couldn't contact The
Outpost it gave him a bad feeling has
The Outpost been all but wiped out or
into an even more grueling scorching
slog just then boom boom boom boom boom
the fleet's energy Shield was instantly
hit by countless attacks and shattered
directly and before the alternate Shi
Shield could open the next wave of
attacks had already arrived boom boom
boom boom enemy attack enemy attack
what's the scouting Squad doing this
wasn't detected Legion Commander sh
how's eyes widened as he couldn't help
but open his mouth to curse the rules
are different our detection instruments
didn't take effect the opposite side is
perfectly hidden Legion Commander
this is a premeditated
Ambush the captain of the detection
Squad immediately said
18 9% of the fleet ships were damaged in
that wave of attacks just now speed
reduced by
83% the engines were severely damaged
the captain of the piloting Squad
followed closely to report 179 people
died in that wave of attacks just now
all of them are fifth realm igns the
leader of the medical Squad followed
suit and reported there are also 383
people who suffered serious injuries
requiring prompt treatment the enemy is
the elite forces of the sanctuary
civilization the number is around 100
0000 at the very least the rest of the
configuration is unknown for now the
captain of the intelligence Squad spoke
extremely fast these reports came in
almost simultaneously
and Legion Commander sh how made an
instant judgment there's no way to rush
through open the backup Shield
immediately the medical team will be
responsible for treating the wounded and
the rest of you will leave the barn and
fight
immediately all
formations follow the original battle
plan
Brothers the time has come to kill the
enemy and make a mark Legion Commander
sheral laughed loudly and said let this
group of natives of the secret realm see
the power of our human martial
artists his voice resounded in all
corners of the fleet everyone heard
these inspiring words from the Army
Chief sh how the original Panic that
arose because of the attack quickly
dissipated and what emerged instead was
the courage to fight and kill human
martial
artists never shy away from battle in
the Star Wars era
there are usually two types of
combat first the use of technological
weapons to assist in combat While most
technological weapons are hardly
effective against alien races above the
sixth realm they are still quite good
for assisting in combat in addition some
high energy weapons such as the Star
Destroyer cannon not to mention the
seventh realm even the eighth realm
couldn't resist it head-on and using it
at a critical moment would often have a
miraculous effect
unfortunately because of the secret
Realms special rules almost all
technological weapons could not be used
and at this moment only the second
method could be used forming a formation
to charge into battle when luu left the
Airship along with the 019 formation
crowd he immediately saw A Sky Full of
alien races almost impossible to see the
end of a GL
and the body of the leader of them
revealed an extremely terrifying Aura
eight Realms a solid eth realm
Powerhouse he was wearing gold armor
which looked extremely dazzling under
the sunlight he raised the golden
Greatsword in his hand and shouted for
the kingdom of God when you die your
souls will return to the kingdom of God
the god king will grant eternal life to
all the Valiant and fearless on my
command all charge kill all the
foreigners not a single one left
although he couldn't understand what
this Foreigner was saying at this moment
there was no need to understand at all
to know what he was going to do the war
had begun the great battle was imminent
and an army of 100 0000 foreigners
surrounded all the human support forces
trying to keep everyone here the eth r
Powerhouse at the head of the group even
intended to charge recklessly and
disrupt the formation of the human Army
at the critical moment Legion Commander
shha stepped forward and pestered this
eighth realm Powerhouse although shha
was at the peak of the seventh realm he
had already mastered the power of rules
long ago his strength was
extraordinary and fighting across levels
was not a problem at all meanwhile
on the other side of the
battlefield luu took the lead the wind
God feather Wings behind him violently
opened up easily cutting through the
joint domain of the three enemy seventh
realm
powerhouses and then even more like a
stream of light swiftly skimming through
the gaps in the domain space facing
these foreigners luu did not hesitate
for a second and directly swung his
sword Paul returned to the ruins a sword
chopped away carrying a sword light that
seemed to be able to destroy everything
the 37th realm Foreigner powerhouses
were not even a one move match for luu
with a perfect set of supreme treasure
plus heavy treasure plus secret treasure
luu's terrifying melee ability of the
way of fleshly sainthood could be
utilized to the extreme even if it was
37th realm Foreigner
powerhouses in front of him they were
still like dirt chickens and dogs
unbeatable
the field was like a dream bubble
instantly
dissipating several seventh realm
foreigners just disappeared Into Thin
Air as if they had never existed at all
looking at the image in front of him Jan
Leu jaw-dropped and he couldn't believe
his eyes for a moment this this chapter
218 killing the enemy capture the
treasure cool under the sword light that
could almost destroy everything the 37th
Realm powerhouses of the sanctuary
civilization instantly fell they didn't
even put up token resistance luu's sword
was just too fast and fierce not to
mention that they didn't react even Jang
Leu the captain of the 019 formation
didn't react to the fact that luu had
already broken away from the
formation by the time he reacted the
sword had already cut out and the three
powerful enemies of the seventh realm
who stood in front of him
vaporized this J Le you who had just
wanted to open his mouth to tell luu not
to mess around and come back quickly
stared with wide eyes for a moment not
knowing what to say before that he swore
to luu I will protect you even if I have
to fight for my life in his opinion Lu U
even if he was more talented and
Powerful
he was still ultimately a Heavenly Pride
who had never been to the battlefield
and whose realm was only the fifth realm
and even if he had a great future he
would still need time to grow up in the
end jeon Leu knew very well that luu's
future was by no means comparable to
theirs but at least for now it was still
necessary for them the older generation
of martial artists to be responsible for
protecting
luu protecting the DA for him it's their
responsibility however he's obviously
thinking a little too much the war had
only just begun when luu had killed 37th
realm foreigners with a single sword
Fierce it's so strong it doesn't make
sense despite the shock Jong Leu as a
battlefield veteran quickly accepted
this fact he turned his head to look at
the 019 th formations crowd and said
with a big smile
Brothers the little Marshall saint has
already made his Mark how can we lag
behind charge with me although the crowd
of 09 formation was shocked by the image
in front of them they quickly reacted
and one by one their blood rushed up and
they shouted in
unison kill you have killed 37 Realms
foreigners earning 30 0000 military
Merit points and 30 0000 points of
contribution value and sign luu your
rank has been raised to Major after
killing 37th realm foreigners two lines
of prompts immediately appeared on the
military Merit recording device that luu
is carrying the military Merit gained
from killing the Seven Realms foreign
races could be very
exaggerated it was directly 30 0000
military points allowing luu's rank to
complete a triple jump jumped from
Lieutenant to major in one breath mind
you in between there are the titles of
lieutenant and Captain it turned out to
be skipped right over this rate of
promotion is truly
outrageous for most Ordinary second
lieutenants it may take more than 10
years of accumulated military service to
be promoted from second Lieutenant to
Lieutenant even some of the fast
promotions would take a year or two to
go from second Lieutenant to
Lieutenant however this was nothing at
all to Li you he had killed 37 Realms as
soon as he came up how do you do that
with other fifth realm
igns even if he crossed the border to
kill the enemy he had directly crossed
two great Realms this was like a game
where a low-level player directly
seconds a highlevel boss gaining a large
amount of experience value it would be
strange if there level didn't Skyrocket
wildly at this moment when he beheaded
37th realm foreigners not only were the
others shocked even he himself was a bit
surprised at least it's a seventh realm
Powerhouse how can it be so weak luu
couldn't help but mutter one must know
that he was only at the fifth realm now
and with a seventh realm
Powerhouse there was a huge gap in
energy with a difference of two large
realms
even so the moment still finished the
kill with ease
perhaps it wasn't that this seventh
realm Foreigner was too weak but that
his current self was too strong with
these days of
cultivation luu had become a little
stronger than he was when he had broken
through the ninth level of the trial
Mystic realm the control over the
natural Divine ability wind God
feathered wings was also getting more
and more refined time to not pass for
long and these thoughts almost flashed
by as luu swept a glance at the place
where those three seventh realm
powerhouses had fallen without much
thought with a sweep of divine thoughts
the treasures and weapons dropped by the
37th realm powerhouses were all included
in luu's shanu and treasure Pearl these
treasures and weapons which were
slightly broken but not completely
destroyed in luu's ruins of the ruin
sword were obviously all rare secret
treasures or even heavy
Treasures in that case it must be
collected take it all the chenu and
treasure Pearl has a huge holding space
claiming to be able to hold mountains
rivers lakes and oceans in the 10,000
Clans Heavens Pride battle before this
even if they killed their opponents they
could not obtain their opponent
treasures and they were not useful at
all
but now it's different this is a real
Battlefield fight as long as you finish
off your opponent you can take your
opponent's treasures and pocket them all
especially after beheading an opponent
alone the loot on the opposite side all
belong to the
individual which was written in the laws
of the human race at this moment luu's
inclusion of these Treasures in his
pocket could be considered logical and
without a single problem these
Treasures weapons even if they were
slightly damaged were after all seventh
rank
Treasures individual
values at least are in the hundreds to
tens of billions of dollars the
equipment and Treasures of the three
seventh realm powerhouses combined were
close to 100 billion star dollars there
is no doubt that this is a
Crossroads despite being the son of a
marshall Saint l you never lacked money
much less equipment and
supplies but those things after all were
not acquired by luu himself at this
moment the battlefield sparring in
getting these Treasures could be quite
an
achievement after putting the many
Treasures into the shenin treasure Pearl
the Blue Wind God feathered wings behind
luu's back violently opened F luu
disappeared once again when he
reappeared he had already arrived behind
the other 37th realm foreigners he was
like the god of death who reaped life
and without the slightest
hesitation he directly swung his sword
and chopped out Paul returned to the
ruins a sword chopped out and when these
three seventh realm foreign races
reacted they were already too slow 37th
realm
powerhouses annihilated just like that
after their Treasures fell down luu
reached out and wrapped his hand around
them taking all of their Treasures into
the chinu and treasure Pearl with his
wings uplifted and his speed surging luu
disappeared once again this process was
extremely fast from the moment luu
instantly appeared swung his sword and
killed the 37th realm foreigners to the
moment he fished out the treasures and
ran the entire process did not take more
than a a second
appearance kill the enemy Raiders of the
Lost arc flash people a whole process
that is Silky Smooth to the core 011
formation Captain Yang zakai was
fighting these alien races bitterly
suddenly the opposite side of the 37th
realm alien races just like this was
killed he could not help but whiten his
eyes ah what's the
situation that was little Marshall Saint
strikes out in an instant he had killed
three seventh realm foreign races young
zakai blinked and after his dismay he
quickly accepted this fact for people
like them who have been in the
battlefield for a long time their
receptivity is undoubtedly very strong
Yang zakai immediately shouted Junior
Marshall saint has decimated the
opponent's seventh realm the opposite
s's formation has been
disorganized charge at once no doubt
about it the entire 011
formation morale is high in
contrast there was this team from the
sanctuary
civilization this whole thing was the
equivalent of a horror movie for them
within a short second three of their
Seven Realms leaders were directly
killed that Seven Realms just die
chapter 219 the eighth realm Powerhouse
was in a hurry a seventh realm
Powerhouse was a high-powered existence
anywhere as a result in front of luu it
was like a dirt chicken and a dog
unbearable it was like killing chickens
at the moment mercilessly harvesting
their lives but in the blink of an eye
Lou wandered around the battlefield and
had already killed 147 Realms such a
horrifying battle performance had just
as easily taken the wind out of the
sanctuary civilization's armies all the
seven realm Fay powerhouses couldn't
help but feel their scalps numb and
tremble as they chose to embrace the
group devil there are devils in the Army
opposite he's too fast for defense his
melee ability is too
terrifying it's too easy to decapitate a
seventh realm Powerhouse after getting
close we can't even block his melee
attacks it must be hugged but it's not a
cure General Raven you have to help with
the assassins in the Army across the
street this trouble must be
resolved otherwise this battle will be
lost a group of seventh realm
powerhouses already in disarray didn't
care about the team formation at all
hugging the group and retreating
passively while at the same time asking
for help from that eighth realm
Powerhouse they're scared if the two
sides were equal they could still muster
the courage but the current situation is
so evil no one wants to be killed by the
sword for no reason before that they had
also tried to set up an ambush to try
and block the Assassins on the other
side the results were
desperate no one could stop Blu under
the double enhancement of white Jade
Wind and Fire will plus wind God feather
Wings luu's speed was too
terrifying those ordinary domains could
not control him at all and could only
watch as luu killed everywhere what was
most difficult for them to accept was
the realm of the assassin on the
opposite side seemed to be only a mere
fifth realm and it seemed to be a child
a child of the fifth realm killing a
seventh realm Powerhouse with his hands
are you kidding me they referred to
believe that it was a camouflage
produced by a special treasure there was
no way around it a genius of luu's level
had completely surpassed the limits of
their
imagination starting to group together
to hold the group without disrupting
themselves and abandoning their
formation just to defend themselves luu
skimmed his lips these powerful people
of the Holy realm civilization did know
how to make trade-offs if the formation
continues
perhaps there is still an advantage on
the front but after L you had killed all
the Seven Realms powerhouses on the
opposite side then it would only be a
matter of time before this war was lost
at this moment abandoning the formation
and forcibly embracing the group
although giving up the advantage of the
frontal
Battlefield at least it would not be a
chronic death that
choice very true luu glanced at the
military record
after killing 147 Realms he gained 140
0000 military
contributions 140,000 contribution value
this brought luu's rank from major to
Lieutenant Colonel it's not that far
from Colonel this promotion speed could
be considered incomparably
terrifying Lu U however was not very
satisfied
he thought he could be promoted to
Colonel without any problems I didn't
realize that the opposite side wouldn't
give it a chance but even if I'm not
given the
opportunity I have to create it luu
squinted his eyes slightly and pondered
seriously in the
meantime over the front
Battlefield lay one an eth realm
Powerhouse in golden armor was in a
fierce battle with
sheral the human Army Chief although
shha was only at the peak of the seventh
realm his strength was as if he already
had the eighth realm guy leayn
felt
humiliated air 7eventh realm could
actually fight with
himself just then layan heard a call for
help and he turned his head to look at
it and his eyes widened what's going on
here the number of seventh realm
powerhouses under his command plummeted
with the deaths of these seventh realm
powerhouses the originally Victorious
situation gradually tilted towards the
human race aside devil assassin Lewan's
eyes widened and his gaze quickly caught
luu it's him it's him in this instant
leayn couldn't wait to grab luu and then
ruthlessly squeeze him to death ha
Legion Commander shal followed Lew's
gaze and naturally saw the scene his
eyes widened in some surprise before he
couldn't help but let out a loud laugh
hahahahaha Bravo little Marshall Saint
if you win this battle you should be the
head honored listening to Legion Chief
Sher House's unimpeded voice even though
he didn't understand the language leayn
still
understood then I'll kill you first he
let out a cold laugh then dodged out of
the frontal Battlefield and directly
killed towards luu with the help of the
power of the rules the terror of laywin
speed was not even below
luu's even better an eighth realm
Powerhouse terrifying as hell not good
legionaire sh how glared and rushed to
catch up although they were equal in
terms of battle power the seventh realm
was after all the seventh realm and even
if they were equal in terms of of battle
power they were still slightly inferior
in terms of speed at this moment even
though his reaction was fast enough he
was still too late to catch up
shau's eyes widened a little anxious
little Marshall Saint J Le you the
leader of formation
019 couldn't help but exclaim in shock
when he saw the scene little Marshall
Saint be careful
the captains of the other formation
shouted on the other side the seventh
realm Powerhouse of the sanctuary
civilization couldn't help but let out a
sigh of relief when he saw the scene
kill him great General Raven has struck
this guy is dead haha go to hell if luu
didn't die they simply didn't dare to
continue fighting although luu killed
the seventh round like a dog but
compared to the eighth realm there was
obviously still quite a gap and at this
moment when he was stared at by lay one
the hairs on his body stood up he was
originally still considering how to
decapitate those hugging seventh realm
who would have thought that in a turn of
the eye the strong eighth realm on the
opposite side of the world directly
anxious eyes shees the eight Realms
bully the five
Realms there's no mistaking it luu
didn't hesitate and with a flick of his
wings behind him he instantly
disappeared in place nay luu's original
speed Advantage was clearly not enough
in front of this eighth realm
powerhouse it's only the fifth realm but
you can actually easily decimate the
seventh realm I'm afraid a supreme
Genius Like You is few and far between
in your
civilization leayn stared at you shocked
and delighted for a moment don't worry I
won't kill you GD your loins in this
instant he changed his mind and instead
of killing luu he captured him back so
that he could tell these people to throw
in the towel and in the meantime he
could also study this Super Genius under
the power of the rules luu understood
the words of the eighth realm powerhouse
on the opposite side his mind was in in
a trance and even his speed slowed down
which was also a spiritual attack from
the power of rules compared to an
ordinary seventh realm an eighth realm
Powerhouse had too many
means however at the same time inside
luu's body that Tao Heavenly Dipper Soul
suppressor Stone slowly rotated
suppressing all of these spiritual
attacks all of them luu's eyes instantly
became clear seeing this scene layan was
delighted instead of shocked to actually
even have Treasures to protect your soul
your identity must be particularly
honorable earned it chapter 220 breaking
through the six Realms sense the rules
no doubt about it it's a life and death
crisis at luu's forehead the soul Mark
left by Lu changin was slightly hot and
was already in a state of being
triggered at any time however luu did
not want this Soul seal to trigger once
the soul seal is triggered this
adventure it's over luu narrowed his
eyes and quickly analyzed the situation
at hand instantly coming to a
conclusion if it was in a straight line
speed he would not be able to compare to
the opposing eighth realm Powerhouse and
would be caught up
immediately so here's the question
what if it's not a straight line the
thought flashed without the slightest
hesitation luu revived his wings and the
white Jade Wind and Fire wheels under
his feet spun madly few only to see luu
Nimble steering in midair coming up with
a perfect drift and flying directly in
the other direction the speed was barely
reduced by much as for the opposing
eighth realm
Powerhouse he obviously couldn't do this
and in the instant he turned Direction
his speed directly plummeted the
distance was immediately opened up by
this
contrast lay one who had already won the
battle and was about to catch luu
furrowed his brows and cursed with some
annoyance damn little rat still really
knows how to run L youu however laughed
his speculation had been right this ath
realm not a particularly strong eighth
realm only had an advantage in terms of
straight line speed and as far as stance
was concerned it was clearly inferior to
his natural Divine ability wind god-
feathered wings plus the augmentation of
the Supreme treasure white Jade Wind and
Fire wheel he turned and scoffed coming
on so strong so
scary so it's a fool when these words
came out although Le couldn't understand
them he understood luu's
expression as well as the tone of these
words and he couldn't help but become
even more annoyed I'll see where you can
escape to dash although luu had the
advantage in terms of stance he could
still catch him if he was given enough
time but it was clear that Raven didn't
have the time at this moment the human
Army Chief sure how was late but arrived
and the rule done in his hand was like
thunder and lightning stabbing down
instantly boom Dash the eighth Rome
Powerhouse lay one was directly hit and
directly injured Raven was
Furious
immediately it erupted with a might as
great as a mountain and a sea little
Marshall Saint Retreat farther Legion
Commander sure how crossed in front of
luu blocking the might he stared at
leayn dead in the face and licked his
lips decapitated in eighth realm is very
Troublesome he's sustained by the forces
of the rules and it's simply not
possible to kill him without breaking
these forces of the rules it's going to
be a constant battle luu was also clear
that his current self could not join the
battle so he did not add to the chaos
and immediately dashed away feeling sure
how's gaze that was looking at prey
layan asked with some annoyance air
seventh realm you think you can kill me
it's just the eighth realm it's not like
I haven't killed before Sher house
smiled faintly as the Army chief of this
support team his strength
naturally was
extraordinary and his past battle
records could be described as
exceptionally brilliant he is also the
only major title holder in this support
unit under the influence of the power of
the rules even though the languages were
in
compatible at this moment each other
could understand what the other was
saying layn couldn't help but be a
little
surprised he was clear that this guy
across from him wasn't lying he was
afraid that he had really killed an
eighth realm
ridiculous I'd like to see how you're
going to kill me layn smiled coldly come
battle Sher how laughed loudly carrying
the rule Lance in his hand and killing
the big battle is imminent boom boom
boom boom boom just the aftermath of the
battle let just left luu the figure is a
little
unsteady if sh Howen lean had not
intentionally controlled the scope of
the battle I am afraid that countless
people would have been mistakenly
injured on this battlefield luu just
glanced at it and stopped looking at it
he was clear that his current self was
not even close luu's gaze swept towards
the Group of Seven Realms foreigners not
far away these seventh realm
powerhouses feeling luu's gaze could not
help but feel a chill down their backs
just now General lay one of the eighth
realm had struck out and he hadn't even
been able to kill this guy this guy's
speed it's just
terrifying keep hugging as long as we
hold together that guy can't kill us
even if he's good he's just going to
take them one by one we just don't give
him a chance this group of seventh realm
powerhouses spoke one after another and
this was the only way it's a little dumb
but it works this stance of the little
Marshall Saint it's just too
powerful not even an eighth realm
Powerhouse can help him J Le you the
leader of formation
019 couldn't help but exclaim in
admiration when he saw that scene just
now he then looked at the enemy
formation and shook his head even more
breathlessly under luu's threat the
sanctuary civilization's numbers were
clearly
superior but at this moment they were
even using a defensive formation and
playing the Turtle
formation no
exaggeration the little Marshall saint
has changed the landscape of this war
with his own power
but the ultimate winner will still have
to depend on the duel between the two
eighth realm combatants Jong Leu raised
his head and look towards the fierce
battle above the sky 28th realm Warriors
whether the other side won or sure how
won it would determine the direction of
this battle is not right janely you
looked at the opponent's defensive
formation and then saw that the playing
style of the opposing eighth realm
Powerhouse was also clearly biased
towards defense
and instantly understood what was going
on the other side this is waiting for
backup if they continue to drag on and
waited until the supporting forces from
the sanctuary civilization arrived and
waited until the second eth realm
Powerhouse from the other side came over
then the outcome of them and of this war
would be
self-evident Jon Le you wanted to say
something he looked towards the Army
Chief shha who kept on attacking
fiercely and instantly understood that
the Army Chief sure how was afraid that
he had realized it a long time ago he
had to kill this eighth realm Powerhouse
before the other party support
arrived however in the face of Shure
house Onslaught lay one the eighth Rome
Powerhouse of the sanctuary
civilization was not in a hurry even
though he was at a disadvantage and in a
disadvantageous position a small smile
appeared on the corner of lewin's mouth
as he said
disdainfully aren't you trying to kill
me with just an attack like this you
want to kill me luu looked up at the
intense attack in the sky and gradually
realized how bad the situation was if
the stalemate continued it would be
quite bad when the support team from the
opposite side came over because of the
instability of the secret entrance the
support speed of the sanctuary
civilization was definitely a bit faster
than that of the human race to do
nothing at this moment would be tantam
up to sitting on the
sidelines so here's the question what's
it going to take to break the mold with
this thought luu did not hesitate for a
second and made his choice
immediately the only way to break
through is to break through the
Monstrous might of the eighth realm
Powerhouse that he had faced directly
just now had given him a lot of insights
under the urging of great pressure it
was the perfect opportunity for a break
through luu closed his eyes and felt the
boiling energy in his body that was like
a river felt the flesh that had been
hammered to the extrem and felt the
slowly rotating Marshall golden Dan then
there was a
realization break through to the sixth
realm first and then try to master the
rules by the way after accumulating for
so long it's time for me to step into
the way of rules chapter 221 six realms
a leap in life levels
previously after breaking through the
ninth level of the trial Mystic realm
and completing the first stage luu had
obtained a seventh stage Heaven and
Earth Wonder fruit the Yuan Ling fruit
after taking this Spirit fruit luu's
cultivation skyrocketed in a short
period of time directly from the premid
stage of the fifth realm stepping into
the late stage of the fifth realm and
was just a step away from the peak of of
the fifth realm the water
polishing which would have required
careful polishing was directly
eliminated and the effect was even more
than that during these days of driving
over in the spaceship luu had completely
digested the residual energy of the
yuanling fruit and his realm had come to
the peak of the fifth realm breaking
through the sixth realm at this moment
was actually not a difficult task the
difficulty lies in mastering the rules
the way of rules luu had actually come
into contact with it a long time ago the
power of the sword Dow rules invoked by
the natural ability sword da tonin the
Resonance of the ocean of rules caused
by the opening of the Marshall way of
ginan sensing these rules luu gained a
lot however trying to master these rules
is nothing short of difficult the
difference between the grandmas to the
Marshall King realm was in the way of
rules
this was also a difficult hurdle that
stopped countless Celestial Pride the
way of rules was countless times more
complex than
inscriptions toada Master the rules
during the sixth realm period was truly
one in a billion in fact at an earlier
time luu understood the rules when he
referred to the stone tablet of The
Reincarnation Tower at that time
luu would be the inscription Dharma body
Dharma phasee and domain the
relationship between these four is
compared to point line
surface space points make lines lines
make faces and faces make space the
final space or
domain is also the Prototype of rules
today it seems that there is some truth
to this understanding but not all of it
the way of
rules mysterious and
wonderful was not so simple Lui was well
aware of how rugged and bumpy the road
in front of him was but he was not
afraid when he opened his eyes again
they were bright and
determined the moment luu's internal Chi
blood and Chi energy like a Rushing
River constantly
circulating even if the momentum is
fierce it is still fixed within the
meridians at this moment under his
single thought this rushing unceasingly
terrifying energy instantly broke
through the Dyke
Rumble inside luu's body all his Limbs
and bones all over his body almost every
place was being washed away by this
raging torrent
mly in the way of the martial artist the
foundation is the key what's the
foundation Flesh and Blood sinus and
Bones refining the organs replacing the
blood how far back you can go depends on
how strong the foundation in front of
you is for example the key to Breaking
the sixth realm lay in whether or not
the foundation of the physical body was
solid an ordinary martial artist would
usually need to take various potions in
and hire someone to protect their path
before attempting to break through to
the sixth realm if one was a little
careless realm recession was a small
matter and there was even a certain
possibility that one would die as a
result however for
luu the extremely risky sixth realm
breakthrough was as simple as breathing
because in almost every realm he had
gone to the extreme to
perfection even so not only the previous
four Realms but even the five Realms
golden body had gone to the ninth turn
at this moment this terrifying torrent
of energy was recklessly washing over
luu's physical body but his expression
did not change at all as it continued to
flush luu's body gradually completed its
metamorphosis
gradually theqii
blood and Chi energy that only flow in
the meridians could now flow anywhere in
the body
unchecked the feeling was like going
from a Rushing River to an ocean it's a
qualitative change in energy so it is no
wonder those fifth realm Celestial Pride
were unable to maintain their Dharma
phases as well as their domains for long
periods of time however the powerhouses
of the sixth and seventh Realms are able
to use the phases the
domains as they please
the difference in the energy it's just
too much instead of flowing through the
meridians using the body as a turning
point it can recklessly absorb the
energy Between Heaven and Earth in the
void it's not just a change in energy
level it's a leap in life level no
wonder I could only sense the rules
during the fifth realm period but it was
impossible for me to master them at all
here's the reason why life level is not
enough Lou you had some
realization it was no wonder that
someone is amazing and talented as his
own father was unable to master the way
of rules during the fifth realm period
it's not a lack of talent rather the
realm is not in place it was already the
limit for the fifth realm to be able to
master domains it was impossible to
master rules at this moment in a single
breath at after breaking through to the
sixth realm the level of Life had
completed its leap and the so-called
rules didn't seem so profound and
difficult to grasp the little Marshall
Saint made a breakthrough on the verge
of a breakthrough J you felt the change
in luu Zora and slightly froze saying
with some surprise breaking through to
the sixth realm would result in a leap
in life level which was a difficult
hurdle and if one broke through easily
one's life would like be in danger but
luu's
breakthrough however was extremely
smooth there were no
surprises seeing this scene Jan Le you
was not
surprised isn't it normal for a genius
like little Marshall Saint to be
different without much thought Jean Le
euu got closer and transmitted his voice
into his ears little Marshall Saint we
need your help at the these words luu
looked over help Jan Leu immediately
explained now that the situation was
stalemated although on the surface it
was The Human Side that had the upper
hand but it absolutely could not be
dragged on once time passed the
supporting forces of the sanctuary
civilization would inevitably come one
after another and they would be in
danger at that time today's plan must be
to defeat and penetrate the enemy's
large forces as soon as possible and
defeat them
completely in this way the eth Rome
Powerhouse who was fighting against the
legion Chief's scorched heart was bound
to be anxious and when he was anxious he
would make a mistake and the legion
Chiefs chances of sure how would be even
greater
obviously in the face of the current
predicament luu thought of his own way
to break the
situation how could others sit and wait
for death
naturally they would also think about
how to break the
situation the way Jon Leu thought of was
to overwhelm the opposite side's large
troop as much as possible so that the
heart of that eighth realm Powerhouse
would be in turmoil luu didn't refuse
when he heard this good I will cooperate
with you with the help of the little
Marshall Saint will definitely be able
to bring down the large force on the
other side J Le you said with a smile a
little Marshall saint of the fifth realm
is strong enough what about the sixth
realm jeely you couldn't help but look
forward to it
Battlefield facing the sanctuary
civilization's Turtle formation the
human Race's large Force launched a
general attack boom boom boom boom
domains collided fiercely with domains
spreading attacks that instantly flooded
the army of the sanctuary civilization
because of the unstable
formation there were instantly heavy
casualties but it was just the deaths of
some of the bottom tier soldiers those
seventh realm powerhouses didn't care at
all as long as they were fine hold it
those who fall back are cut off
decapitate those who mess with the
formation the opposite side is in a
hurry hold it steady hold it steady
when our support troops come these guys
will surely die without a burial place
chapter 222
rules natural ability sword Dow through
and through victory is just around the
corner just hold on and we'll win at the
core of the Turtle
formation dozens of seventh realm
powerhouses use the teams under their
command as meet Shields allowing them to
die against the front and block the
rounds of attacks for themselves
for a moment it really carried the
onslaught of the human hordes as long as
their joint domain was not broken then
it was impossible for this defensive
Grand formation to be broken these Seven
Realms foreign races were very confident
about this even if the enemy's assassin
is strong there is ultimately a limit in
the face of such a defense even if an
eighth realm Powerhouse came they would
not be able to break break it unless
there are nine Realms in person drag
either way just stall and you'll win one
side attacked fiercely the other didn't
move like a mountain for a moment the
situation was in a state of
anxiety
originally according to Jean Liu's
statement was to First have the tribal
team attack fiercely and hit the
opposite side of the Turtle formation to
create a gap and then have luu take
advantage of the opportunity to strike
but now the human Army had been pounding
away for half a day and the Gap still
hadn't appeared the domains collided
fiercely and there were violent energy
explosions everywhere and every single
human martial artist as if they were at
home in death went forward and backward
charging forward with no desire to die
every minute and every second
uncountable foreigners died and just as
many human martial artists were
sacrificed however what made people
helpless was that even with the many
sacrifices and the continuous charging
for a long time they still couldn't make
a gap luu's eyes could not help but Reen
slightly as he looked at the tragic
scene in front of him among these people
who had charged and killed there were
some that luu was familiar with and had
spoken to him but at this moment they
all died in the charge never able to
speak again never able to go home again
watching so many human martial artists
go forward and die just to open a gap
and create an opportunity for themselves
luu couldn't help himself after all he
furrowed his brow stepped a little
closer and spoke let me try it directly
hearing this jely you said without
thinking the Gap hasn't been opened yet
you can't break through their
formation it's hard to maximize the
effect of your attack wait a little
longer but luu still wanted to fight for
it there are no butts jeon Leu turned
his head to look at luu and said
seriously does little Marshall Sage want
their sacrifice to become
meaningless please be patient and wait
for your chance please be sure to strike
a blow it's the only way we can win when
Lou you heard this he was somewhat
speechless little Marshall Saint we know
you're in a hurry but please don't rush
give us a little more time Yang zakai
the captain of formation
011 also spoke up please trust us yeah
don't rush give us another chance a
group of captains spoke up Lou sniffed
and fell silent he turned his head and
continued to look at the tragic
Battlefield in front of him the martial
artists who went before and after were
opening the way with their lives it's as
if they don't know what death is under
the desperate continuous
Onslaught the many soldiers of the enemy
hordes finally panicked finally got
scared and finally retreated in fear
even though those seventh realm
foreigners had cut down dozens of
retreating soldiers in a row
they still couldn't stop the formation
from temporarily
collapsing finally the gaping hole in
the formation is open seeing this scene
a group of captains opened their mouths
chance little Marshall Saint little
Marshall Saint rely on you actually
there was no need for them to remind him
luu had already prepared for this moment
the Wings on his back violently lifted
and luu directly disappeared in place F
Shu Sho almost in an instant luu rushed
into the enemy camp through the Gap he
killed his way to the core of the Turtle
formation killing in front of the dozens
of seventh realm
powerhouses these seventh realm
powerhouses were shocked scared and
delighted when they saw Lu charging in
the shock was that luu was so crazy
charging dozens of them at the seventh
realm with his own strength the fear was
that luu's strength was
terrifying and previously killing the
seventh realm was like slaughtering a
chicken or a dog The Joy was that luu
had rushed to their home turf which gave
them the opportunity to cut luu down
they had expected this and were even
more prepared for it ridiculous guy
thought it was just now
casually letting you decapitate the
seventh realm dozens of us from the
seventh realm embracing the group even
if a strong person from the eighth realm
comes over they all have to weigh it up
you actually dare to rush over to die
kill him it's the only chance to kill
him in an instant The Joint domain
directly suppressed luu The Joint domain
of dozens of seventh Realms was indeed
formidable almost equal to to the
strength of the world and the structure
was so stable that even luu's innate
Divine ability wind Gods feathered wings
couldn't break free to fly not good
fight for little Marshall Saint on the
side of the human race a group of
captains saw this scene and increased
the Collision of their domains so that
the other party's joint domains could
not be used to suppress
luu however at this life and death
moment these dozens of seventh realm
powerhouses had long since come to the
realization that no matter what even if
there was a great cost they would first
kill luu only by snuffing out him as a
variable could they rest easy at this
moment the golden Dan in luu's body
rapidly
rotated and luu's all-around attributes
were immediately greatly enhanced the
bondage of the joint field is slightly
lessened but that alone is not enough
you can only retreat you can't attack
how's that work without the slightest
hesitation luu directly utilized his
natural ability sword da tonion in an
instant the power of the sword da rules
that existed from the universe as well
as the void gradually filled luu's body
these rule Powers did not belong to luu
himself and after forcing their way into
his body they immediately caused some
damage to luu's body and spirit in
general using sword da tonin to kill the
enemy was like drinking Hemlock to
quench one's thirst and bring about
one's own demise even if luu's physical
body was strong enough it was still
extremely risky but at the moment he
couldn't care less so many generals
sacrificed their lives to create this
opportunity for him how can he return
without success not to mention he had
wanted to master the rules at this
moment
it was just right to utilize sword da
tonin to invoke the rules of the sword
da and take the opportunity to master
the rules as the rules of the sword da
entered his body Lou used strength sword
once again and his battle power directly
reached the threshold of the eighth
realm from the peak of the seventh realm
wow Dash the wings spread out
recklessly and above the flowing light
feathers They faintly Carried the power
of the sword Dow rules directly breaking
through the extremely binding joint
domain in just an instant luu completely
broke free of the suppression few he
disappeared into place how is it
possible a group of seventh realm
foreign races were directly stunned when
they saw this scene completely not
expecting luu to be able to break free
from the suppression of the joint domain
this unimaginable scene caused all the
Seven Realms foreign races to panic it
was like my scalp exploded and I had
goosebumps all over my body a few of
them who were at the peak of the seventh
realm even saw something and couldn't
help but cry out in shock
rules That's The Power of rules this
assassin has even mastered the power of
rules chapter 223 Palm rule chopping the
eight Realms above the sky the fierce
battle was in full swing fighting to
this moment even if the golden General
lay when how high-minded and proud but
also had to admit that the person in
front of him really powerful to the
extreme just a peak of the seventh realm
could steadily suppress an eighth realm
existence like
himself however even if they were more
powerful when the reinforcements came
the victory would no longer be in doubt
this is something that this guy across
the street seems to be aware of from
just now until now he's been pounding
away just fighting for time
pity even though he was losing ground
the strength of the eighth realm was
placed here and it was impossible to
kill him in a short period of time your
natural Talent isn't bad layan smiled
faintly and said
mockingly
unfortunately you mostly realize that my
reinforcements are coming over soon and
when I join forces with another eighth
realm you will have no more room to
struggle hearing this Legion Chief Sher
House's face was as gloomy as water he
seemed to have made some kind of
decision and said with a sigh it seems
that if I want to kill you in a short
period of time I can only exchange my
life for a life when these words came
out the eighth realm Powerhouse lay
when's face changed slightly as he
sneered and said are you trying to scare
me whether or not I'm bluffing we'll
know once we try sh house said
indifferently raven was just about to
say something when just then a sudden
change occurred in the battlefield below
luu rushed into the formation the rules
of the sword da entered his body and his
Aura seemed like the heavens were
tilting kill a furious shout that was
deafening like a thunderous explosion
when a sword was swung out Heaven and
Earth cleared up as if the sky had
opened up pull chopping God Boom the
terrifying energy completely exploded in
an instant the power of the stars of
Heaven and Earth and the power of the
rules of the sword da were all contained
in this sword it was like a river of
stars hanging upside down with unrivaled
terrifying might running rampant The
Joint domain of dozens of seventh realm
powerhouses would be difficult to break
with a single move even if an eighth
realm Powerhouse were to arrive in
person the power of this sword was even
terrifying to the extreme and by all
accounts equally
so however at this moment luu was not
bound by this joint field at all and
directly crossed over the heavy field
and chopped out in close
proximity that would be fatal no the
unspeakably terrifying energy as well as
the terrifying rules of the sword da
caused this group of seventh round
powerhouses to completely panic and each
of them desperately resisted at all
costs yet the sword was already close
and any resistance seemed so feudal when
jinshin sword swept through 237 realm
foreigners were annihilated on the Spot
while the other half of the seven realm
powerhouses were injured with both light
and heavy injuries the serious ones
dying while the lighter ones could still
barely fight but the problem was where
could one regain the courage to fight
after such a terrifying sweep of the
sword one by one they turned their heads
and ran as a matter of fact at this
moment this sword not only destroyed the
fighting Spirit of these seventh realm
powerhouses but likewise destroyed the
military heart of the the sanctuary
civilization's large force and the
formation that could still barely be
maintained instantly
collapsed run run escape nearly 100
000000 troops at the moment fleeing in
all directions in a Crows Nest at the
same time Jean Leu and the other
captains looked at the scene in front of
them and stared with shock and
excitement
this sword of the little Marshall Saint
had actually stepped into the rules
mastering the power of rules right after
breaking through to the sixth realm what
a horrible Talent this is truly worthy
of being the leader of the 10,000 Clan
Heavenly
Pride however very quickly after seeing
the opposite side scattering in all
directions Jon Leu and the others
immediately reacted they naturally would
not let go of this good opportunity to
beat up a falling dog kill Jean Leu and
the other captains immediately charged
with the people under their
command the moment
luu who had managed to break the game
with just one sword didn't bother to
take The Spoils of War or kill those
Seven Realms who had been crippled by
himself as he directly lifted his wings
and rushed up into the sky luu's goal
had always been clear to behead the
opponent's eighth realm Powerhouse
this is the real winner of this war the
strike against those seventh realm
powerhouses was merely a bullseye test
to try and master the power of the rules
of the sword da the unfamiliar sword da
rules that ran rampant in the body
brought great pain and damage but at the
same time it also brought an extremely
terrifying increase in battle power for
luu luu even used this as a breakthrough
point and managed to master one of the
sword Dow rules
chop at this moment with the aftermath
of The sord Da Tong shun the Marshall da
golden Dan in his body was spinning
crazily and his might was no less than
that of an eighth realm Powerhouse
legionaire I'll help you luu's eyes were
icy cold as he stared dead at the eighth
realm Powerhouse lay one the look was
like a hunter looking at his prey Raven
froze slightly then burst into a rage
and you deserve it Layin roared his body
once again erupting with terrifying
might however this time luu did not have
the slightest fear anymore eight Realms
it can also be
chopped seeing this scene Legion
Commander shera's eyes were filled with
joy and he couldn't help but smile and
say good timing what was initially
feared didn't happen but went in the
exact opposite
Direction sure how who had originally
planned to fight for his life didn't
have the slightest hesitation at this
moment the secret method of burning
blood open blood burning secret method
increase combat power for a short period
of time at the cost of burning your life
the more life you burn the more your
combat power will increase sh how had
planned to burn all of his life to
forcefully kill the opposite eighth
realm Powerhouse yet with luu's
appearance it was possible to not have
to go and exchange lives just burns some
slightly boom once the blood burning
mysterious technique was opened a blood
red Aura instantly enveloped sh how
entire body without the slightest
hesitation he violently erupted and the
rule Lance in his hand directly stabbed
out on the other side luu similarly
chopped out a sword in his hand hand
pull chopping God two attacks blasted
out at the same time feeling the
terrifying attacks from both sides
lewin's face changed
drastically and in this instant the
proud and arrogant man was finally
afraid he wanted to turn and run but it
was obviously too late to do so Rumble
Dash the two attacks had lay one at the
same time and the rule power on his body
surface was gradually ually
depleted no no Raven's eyes widened in
shock and anger he's the golden general
of the Empire he was a noble status eth
realm
demigod how can you die in a remote
place like this that no one knows about
how can you simply fall like that no way
absolutely not amidst the dazzling white
light lay one whose rule power had been
dissipated
gradually annihilated his body and his
breath became weaker and weaker until it
finally disappeared completely an eighth
realm forigner
Powerhouse die
Rumble with the fall of this eighth
realm Powerhouse the power of the rules
that he had mastered also completely
dissipated and at this instant the
heavens and earth Shook and Visions
appeared one second the sky was clear
and the Sun was shining brightly and the
next second it was directly covered with
dark clouds the wind was rising and the
Gale was wailing torrential rain poured
down the sky seemed to be crying deeply
lamenting the fall of this eighth realm
Powerhouse the rain was automatically
blocked by the chi on luu's body surface
and only then did he exit the state of
Sword da tonin and the endless pain
immediately came like a tidal wave in
the midst of the rainstorm Legion
Commander sh how looked at luu the look
in his eyes could be quite
complicated chapter 224 the wonderful
use of the flame of
civilization long before he set off when
Hong the chief commander of the secret
realm exhorted sure how he mentioned in
passing that if he encountered any
troubles that he could not solve he
could rely on the little Marshall St Lou
U when he heard this at the time sure
how was extraordinarily
surprised in his opinion luu was only at
the fifth realm and even if he was
gifted with great talent he was only at
the seventh realm of battle power so how
could he help himself out of trouble in
hindsight it was my own shortsightedness
in the beginning who would have thought
that after the little Marshall Saint
broke through to the sixth realm he
would Master the power of rues so
quickly and then Unite with himself to
decapitate this eighth realm Powerhouse
although it looked as if the little
Marshall Saint had paid a certain price
and should have used some sort of secret
method how could he not regardless of
the methods used beheading an eighth
realm Powerhouse was a solid battle
record this was an undeniable fact a
genius of this level most likely the
second exalted Marshall Saint was thrown
into the secret realm to try out what if
something happened this is the future
hope of the human race ah even if it
needs to take risks but it should never
be so radical thinking like this for a
moment sure how could be said to have
mixed
feelings however on second thought chief
commander Hong the reason why he was
able to agree to Lu you coming in and
taking a risk should be that he knew
something the Marshall Saint might have
given luu a bottom card or something
guaranteeing his safety to a certain
extent it makes sense when you think of
it that way many thoughts and various
thoughts flashed by sure how immediately
spoke little Marshall Saint this battle
is thanks to you but the crisis has not
been lifted the reinforcements from the
opposite side will come over at any time
listening to the words of the army Chief
luu nodded his head and was just about
to open his mouth to speak when
just at that moment that Ray of
civilization fire in his body which had
long been dormant suddenly lit up as if
it was resurrected from the dead aha
what's going on here luu looked at the
glowing flame of civilization within his
body and couldn't help but be a little
surprised then he felt it clearly
Between Heaven and Earth there was a
hidden wisp of rule Essence that was
taken in this was the or origin of the
rules that had returned to the heavens
and earth after the fall of that eighth
realm Heavenly Pride it was also the
source that caused this Heaven and Earth
anomaly at this moment when this wisp of
rule origin was taken over by the flame
of
civilization the Heaven and Earth
anomalies gradually
disappeared one second it's pouring rain
the next it's raining straight through
it was as if the vision of the party had
never appeared luu felt the flame of
civilization in his body felt the strand
of rural origin that had been taken over
and surprise was written all over his
face the flame of civilization had this
kind of wonderful use this wisp of rule
origin was the basic law origin the
origin of gold of the five elements the
rule that the eighth realm Powerhouse
from the party has mastered is the
origin of gold it was ingested by the
flame of
civilization luu whispered softly that
means I can now directly sense the
origin of his rules at this moment
seeing that the Heaven and Earth Visions
had suddenly disappeared Legion
Commander shha couldn't help but widen
his eyes and look at luu with some
surprise what kind of tactic was this
again he actually couldn't even
understand it
anymore however it was a good thing that
the Heaven and Earth Visions had
disappeared making this area seem less I
catching
if the Heaven and Earth Visions were
still there this place would be like a
flame in the darkness of the night
announcing to everyone an eighth realm
Powerhouse had died here at this moment
the vision suddenly
disappeared that is even more bizarre
inevitably let the heart of the people
to be afraid guess this side in the end
what is the
situation do not dare to act rashly
thinking of this shha immediately made
it
decision he opened his communication
device and commanded again the battle
lines are closing in everyone pulled
back
immediately and when you get back clean
up as much of the battlefield as you can
it was definitely no Stroke of Luck that
the sanctuary civilization was able to
spot the large rear Outpost and predict
our support in advance the opposite side
should have mastered some kind of
extremely special detection means in
order to Ambush Us in advance we need to
understand this means of detection and
then find the appropriate solution in
order to allow subsequent support units
without being ambushed in
advance this is critical and there is
not much time left for us all formations
please execute the mission
immediately I repeat all major
formations pull back and execute the
mission immediately and eighth realm
Powerhouse who was rushing alone looked
up at the vision in the sky his eyes
filled with disbelief
the golden general of the
Empire died just like that he is an
eighth realm
Demag also mastered the origin of gold
whether it is the ability to fight or
defense are incomparably
powerful surprisingly died just like
this who the hell killed him this is a
heinous crime a Defiance of the god king
Roger gritted his teeth
my Lord General gold has already fallen
do we still need to go over to support
him the subordinate at the side was a
bit skeptical and couldn't help but ask
of course we have to go over there Roger
glared at this subordinate killing the
Empire's golden General this is an
absolutely unforgivable offense and the
opposite side definitely paid a terrible
price for killing Raven and defeating
his army
whether it's the strong people on the
other side or their army they should all
be in a state of exhaustion at this
moment this is the best
opportunity if I don't dare to go over
there to take revenge I'll definitely be
laughed by the other Demag Goods the
subordinate wanted to speak but did not
continue There is indeed some truth in
this analysis by Lord
Roger however just then the vision above
the Sky suddenly disappeared it's as if
it never existed seeing this scene
Roger who was originally filled with
anger gave a thump in his heart and a
coolness gradually spread throughout his
body this eighth realm falling Vision
will exist for at least a day and a
night how is it that in just a short
while it has disappeared Roger opened
his mouth a look of dismay filling his
face
this is the rule Essence being devoured
how is that possible even if even a true
God came over I'm afraid that he
wouldn't be able to do it easily not
only him but the subordinates on the
side were even more
jaw-dropped my Lord do we have to
support now this subordinate stammered
as he asked
stunned this kind of terrifying
existence is definitely not something we
can mess with Roger gulon said the
situation has changed our mission now is
not to go over to support but to report
this
news yes the subordinate hurridly
lowered his head and couldn't help but
let out a sigh of relief he was really
afraid that Lord Rogers head was ironic
and chose to continue his support you
killed 237th realm foreigners seriously
injured 14 seventh realm foreigners
lightly injured 18 foreigners and teamed
up with Legion Commander sure how to
kill an eighth realm Foreigner
Powerhouse your timely intervention
influenced the course of a skirmish and
saved the lives of many martial artists
I am here to represent all the martial
artists of all Races to express my high
regards to you you have earned one
090 0000 military points gained
contribution value of one
090 000000 points and received first
class military honor once Lieutenant
Colonel luu your rank level has been
raised from Lieutenant Colonel to Major
at this moment several lines of prompts
appeared one after another on the
military achievement recording device
that luu carried with him chapter 225
trophy distribution rule crystals luu
scanned The Prompt and realized that the
text was still scrolling major luu the
recording equipment found that you have
not gotten the loot that should Belong
To You Next the loot collection Squad
we'll bring the loot that should belong
to you and send it back to you please
also wait patiently in place for a while
if you're really in a hurry you can
contact the trophy seeking collection
Squad in advance seeing such a text
prompt Lu you was slightly
surprised but when you think about it it
makes perfect sense if not after
decapitating the enemy everyone went to
coax the loot instead of continuing to
kill the enemy then the formation of the
team could easily be messed up as a
result and the battle would be chaotic
and the team would not be able to have
too much combat power at all in order to
avoid this a fair mechanism for
Distributing the loot is something that
must exist although it inevitably seems
a bit tacky when talking about benefits
but this world is not black and white
martial artists need a large amount of
resources to
cultivate this is an unavoidable topic
so many martial artists were risking
their lives going forward and back
charging and fighting without any regard
on the one hand it is for the future of
the human
community on the other hand it's also
about getting an amazing enough return
for personal practice and to leave to
family in future
Generations if one just talks about
ideals just draws big cakes and talks
about the righteousness of humanity all
day long without giving some actual
benefits and wants human martial artists
to sell their lives as a result that is
naturally
unrealistic there were those who were
full of passion there were those who
didn't need the benefits there were
those who were willing willing to give
everything for the sake of the human
race likewise but more than that there
were still some Ordinary People
individuals who had complex emotions it
was absolutely not okay to let the
Warriors go hungry to fight and die so
whether it's righteousness or profit you
have to do both only in this way can the
entire human race be United as one not a
moment too soon the trophy collecting
Squad
sent those trophies over little Marshall
Saint what little Marshall Saint shout
major it's still smoother with the
little martial arts Saint little
Marshall Saint we've sent your loot over
among the piles of loot there were the
Treasures of the seventh realm
Powerhouse as well as the treasures of
that eighth realm
Powerhouse l u who was in the midst of
his Enlightenment and
cultivation slowly opened his eyes that
much luu was a bit
surprised that's naturally so much could
it still be harsh on the trophies of the
little Marshall Saint the man at the
head said with a smile luu looked at the
loot piled into a small mountain in
front of him took out the shenu treasure
Pearl and put 2third of it away I'll
only take these and the rest of these
trophies
all of them will be distributed and
given to everyone including the
sacrificed martial artists luu raised
his head and said
seriously ha upon hearing this the
person in charge froze for a moment and
then hurly spoke everyone has obtained
the appropriate loot there is no need to
worry about this little Marshall Saint
no if there weren't so many Valiant and
fearless martial artists who went
forward and fought to open a gap in the
opposite
formation I wouldn't have been able to
kill so many seventh realm powerhouses
with a single sword luu shook his head
and said slowly so divide up that loot I
realize of course that they have their
share of it but it's my personal thanks
hearing luu's words the few people no
longer pretended and readily agreed soon
when the loot was dist tributed everyone
cheered no one had expected the little
Marshall Saint to be so generous with
his handiwork the one-third of the loot
he shared out was by no means a small
amount those Seven Realms loot were
actually all right spread out and not
particularly valuable but the loot of
that eighth realm dignitary was
different he alone exploded a lot more
loot than all the seventh realm
powerhouses put together the amount of
treasures in those spatial Rings was so
exagger at that it could truly be
described as a big explosion luu
obtained half of it and distributed a
third of the half and then spread it
over everyone's head all of which was a
large amount of wealth just a simple
estimation luu's loot this time was
worth trillions of star dollars at the
very least in fact at this level it
would be inappropriate to use star
dollar as the common monetary unit of
the human race because there are a lot
of things that can't be bought with just
star dollar among the 10,000 races in
the universe and even among the major
secret Realms there was a universal
currency of the highest grade rule
crystals this was also the common
currency that only belonged to the top
powerhouses in the eighth realm and
Beyond items like Ral crystals could
only be generated in some extremely
special environments in the universe its
Rarity determines its
preciousness how ever its true value
enhancement lay in the fact that strong
people of the eighth and Ninth Realms
had discovered that they could use the
rule crystals to cultivate and refer to
the rule origin this directly led to the
value of rule crystals which rose all
the way up currently on the side of the
human Community the price of a rule
Crystal was roughly equivalent to a
trillion star dollars inside these
trophies that luu had harvested there
was only one rule Crystal which was Bur
bur out from the spatial ring of an
eighth realm Powerhouse and a total of
two of them were burst out one for luu
and one for Legion Commander sh how this
was equivalent to a trillion dollars or
first class hard
currency after all no one would want to
exchange rule crystals for ordinary star
elements shha was willing to share it
out thus showing that there was
absolutely no intention of fooling luu
when it came to the distribution of the
loot
looking at this rule Crystal that
bloomed with brilliant colors Lu you
could clearly feel that the rule origin
power contained within was extremely
pure and Majestic to the eighth realm
this was a first class treasure and to
the ninth realm the same was true it was
no exaggeration to say that such a good
thing was not even available to many
eighth realm Marshall kings in the human
Community an eighth realm foreign race
that carried two rule crystals of
treasures with them was bound to have an
even more terrifying home base of course
it can't be ruled out that this is all
he has people just like to carry it with
them after all this kind of strong
person in the entire taiway mysterious
realm is already considered an absolute
strong person who can threaten his life
regardless of whether it was the former
or the latter this taiway mysterious
realm's eighth realm was clearly much
richer than the human races eighth realm
the most crucial thing was that the
strength was still weak if it was an
eighth realm Marshall King which one was
not battle hardened even if luu andure
how teamed up it would be difficult to
kill someone else but this secret realm
eighth realm was simple to kill in
addition to these trophy harvests luu
looked at the Golden Rule origin
attached to the flame of civilization
and revealed a hint of a smile this was
the biggest gain from killing an eighth
realm Powerhouse the party had only been
comprehending for a while and with his
unique
comprehension as well as the help of the
tiu diffractive Dharma pill and the tiu
immortal cells luu had already
comprehended a trace of the Mysteries of
the rule origin of gold the word gold
means Purity and killing the origin of
gold is
Unstoppable it just happened to be
similar to his rules of the sword da if
they can combine with each other 1 plus
one is bound to be more than two chapter
226 terrifying natural Talent shocked to
numbness all Marshall Kings
legionaire Joe hanu the leader of the
scouting Squad held a piece of what
looked like a compass and came to Legion
Commander Shure house side it's
confirmed it's been tested and it's a
sanctuary
civilization something that can detect
our arrival ahead of time what's the
principle of this thing can we crack it
hearing this Legion Commander sure how
immediately asked it's been cracked Joan
you said with a smile they use the means
of Faith as a means of detection and all
individuals who do not have the god king
as their faith and enter the territory
of the sanctuary civilization will be
sensed by this special machine this is
the means by which the sanctuary
civilization searches for in Els and by
which they detect
Intruders detecting Faith sure how
couldn't help but Furrow his brows when
he heard this in that case can there be
a way to counteract it of course Johan
you nodded their technology is not of a
high caliber although it was repeatedly
encrypted it was nevertheless cracked by
us and we parsed out two methods one is
to completely block out their means of
detection
forming a special barrier and advancing
silently the other is to disguise
yourself as a Believer and pretend to be
their companion so you can surprise them
with a sneak attack the former is safer
while the latter may be slightly more
risky as they have encrypted
Communications with each other as well
as special code Words which we can't
decipher for the time being so once the
opposite side senses that something is
wrong they'll react
immediately can the encrypted
Communications and special code Words Be
cracked shound nodded and asked again it
is possible but it will take time as
well as a large amount of relevant
materials without a massive amount of
samples our deciphering technology will
not be able to crack it no matter how
powerful it is Joan you shook his head I
see sheral patted his shoulder and said
I'll give you extra rewards for your
hard work haha then you shouldn't be too
stingy Army Chief Johan you laughed and
said little Marshall saint has already
given us a lot he divided onethird of
his loot to each of us when sh how heard
this he smiled and said I know about
this matter truly worthy of being the
son of the Marshall Sage what a great
deal so much loot just give it away when
you say so in the
military it is still a sensitive matter
to distribute loot even personal loot
beyond the highest
Commander this is tantamount to
overstepping one's bounds what are you
trying to do with this overstepping your
Authority this tends to cause resentment
among the highest
commanders but luu's identity was too
special
he was the son of a marshall Saint and
to do such a thing at this moment was
not a problem at all what kind of
identity what kind of thing luu's status
was so honorable that naturally whatever
he did was reasonable shha shook his
head then picked up his communicator and
commanded
methodically reorganization in place is
complete the ship has been repaired and
all will depart immediately for the
human Outpost
formation
007 you are to take the latest Intel and
steer out of the secret area
immediately this mission is critical
Vanguard Squad we still haven't made
contact with the Outpost I need to know
what's going on over there ahead of time
take an undamaged ship and scope out the
situation for me The Scouting team has
cracked the sanctuary civilization's
means of detection and the method will
be generalized for the rest of the trip
among the airships luu was in the
process of comprehending that strand of
Golden Rule origin even after repairing
the damaged parts of the ship the
kinetic energy was still reduced only
46% of the original speed that means it
will take an hour to reach the Outpost
Battlefield no contact has been made
with the Outpost yet there's a good
chance the other side is all but dead it
is highly likely that this trip to
provide support will be fruitless but
even so it was still impossible to give
up that last glimmer of hope the great
battle was coming and while everyone was
apprehensive Lui was unwilling to give
up this last time and was still
practicing hard only cultivation could
make him forget the negative effects of
Sword da tonin the pain that penetrated
deep into his soul outside the taiu
secret Land in the war
Fortress in a super large conference
room hearing the latest news chief
commander Hong couldn't help but Furrow
his brows through faith as a means of
detection could it be that that Holy
realm god king could he still be alive
no he should have fallen long ago or
fallen into Eternal Slumber a Supreme
Being from several reincarnations ago
could never have survived that long this
should just be a tactic they left behind
what the little Marshall Saint killed
237th realm foreigners with a single
sword seriously injured 147th realm
foreigners and lightly injured 18
foreigners and then also teamed up with
sure how to kill an eighth realm
Foreigner
powerhouse it's looking at this piece of
information in front of him hunza opened
his mouth with a wonderful expression in
the conference room several other
Marshall Kings were all dumb struck when
they heard this news yone understood
some inside information and couldn't
help but ask is this Soul seal
triggered no Hong shook his head the
soul seal hasn't been triggered yet it's
the little Marshall Saints Own Strength
ha yupon was confused he couldn't help
but ask isn't the little Marshall Saint
only at the fifth realm the fifth realm
was unable to grasp the power of rules
so even how powerful it was there was an
uncrossable Chasm with the eighth realm
even the Marshall St Lu Chang xang who
was invincible at the fifth realm back
then and speedily passed through the
10,000 Clans Heavens Pride battle was
unable to threaten the eighth realm at
the fifth realm this is a fact that is
not in doubt but what about the
Intelligence coming back from the secret
realm now H nodded with an odd
expression on his face and continued he
is no longer in the fifth realm and has
broken through to the sixth realm during
the battle hearing this Yom or the other
few Marshall Kings did not know how to
spit for a moment could it be that when
he breaks through to the sixth realm
he'll be able to master the rules right
away Eon couldn't help but open his
mouth and ask a question that was also
on the minds of several other martial
Kings whom Hong nodded and looked up at
the crowd battle
intelligence indeed the little Marshall
Sage broke through to the sixth realm on
the verge of a battle and quickly grasp
the rules you foam all martial Kings
when these words came out the people in
the room were directly silenced by the
dry the way of rules mysterious and
wonderful how profound and
unfathomable after cultivating for their
entire lives they had only managed to
comprehend the way of rules and had
barely entered the Marshall King realm
as a result now the little Marshall
Saint had just broken through the sixth
realm and had mastered a rule what kind
of cosmic joke is that although they had
known for a long time that luu was
gifted and the leader of the 10,000
Clan's Heavenly Pride which one of them
was not a genius among
Geniuses whoever can achieve the
Marshall King real
is there anyone easy to deal with yet
luu's natural Talent would have such a
huge gap in
comparison numb many martial arts Kings
all of them are somewhat numb at this
moment soon this news reached the years
of Marshall St L Chang Shing chapter 227
fusing the rules a critical
breakthrough instantaneous six
Realms this was not a surprise to Lu
Chang xang
who had been the same in the beginning a
sixth realm breakthrough that could be a
life and death barrier for ordinary
people for the top
Geniuses but nothing at
all however having just broken through
the sixth realm and mastering the power
of rules in a watery manner even Lu
changqing was a bit surprised this was
really too much even more outrageous
than himself back then after a moment of
serious thought Lu changing thought of
the reason is it because of the result
of that time The Descent of the ocean of
rules yes that's how it should be
nothing can be accomplished overnight
not even the most genius can create
something out of nothing if it's because
of the ocean of rules it makes a lot
more sense
previously he could only barely
comprehend it unable to truly Master it
and it was only after breaking through
to the six realm that his life level was
elevated that he fully grasped the power
of the rules that's just as surprising
but at least it's understandable now so
it seems I underestimated him Lu Chang
Shing shook his head his eyes filled
with
anticipation I thought that I would
quickly consume the E Soul seal and end
the adventure but I didn't expect such
an accident in this way you might be
able to rely on the characteristic ICS
of the flame of civilization to roll up
a snowball in the secret realm
comprehending
fusing and perfecting his own way of
rules there's no question that this is
an opportunity to grow up quickly still
it's up to him how far he can go in the
secret realm the strongest person is
only in the ninth realm or the existence
of an extremely rare and rare and
generally will not make a move at all
of course even if it came out luu had
the soul seal to take care of the
trouble as for the Supreme Being in the
secret realm long since fallen into
Eternal Slumber even if the civilization
is
destroyed it may not be awakened taking
a step back even if it
awakens it will be nothing more than a
withered remnant of a body the old
things from how many reincarnations ago
had lost their true eles long ago in
order to chase eternity its strength
even those great existences among the
foreign races are not as much of a
threat at all in Li Ching's opinion this
taiway mysterious realm was the best
battlefield for trials
menacing very menacing indeed but the
rewards and the growth are even more
terrifying it's the only place where you
can surge forward in a short Peri period
of time while luu was breaking through
the sixth realm and the secret realm and
killing an eighth realm Powerhouse
causing the shocked numbness of a group
of Marshall Kings luu himself was
seriously practicing
cultivation it was hard and difficult to
participate in the rule of gold it was
even more difficult to fuse the rule of
gold in the sword da rule chop with each
other even with the tiue diffractive
Dharma pill and the tiue immortal cells
comprehending them was extraord
ordinarily slow it's simply impossible
to make a sudden big jump in a short
period of time luu pondered for a long
time and took out the UR rule Crystal
from the Chuan treasure Pearl a single
rule Crystal was worth a trillion star
dollars this was equivalent to an
extremely heavy treasure or even a
secondary Supreme treasure it is usually
used to barter for needed Treasures
weapons and great medicines
very few people practice with it not to
mention Marshall Kings even ordinary
Marshall Emperors didn't have such
luxury but now luu was planning to
consume it as a way to enhance his
cultivation since he wanted to continue
in the secret realm he had to make some
trade-offs a handful of
luxuries luu gritted his teeth and began
to absorb the extremely pure and
Majestic rule origin power inside this
rule Crystal as this terrifying force of
rule origin entered the body but in an
instant luu's physical quality began to
slowly
improve the blood flesh
sinus and bones and the five
viscera rapidly
strengthened taking a step forward from
the original
Foundation 100t pole luu was a bit
surprised after reading the various
pills rewarded by the system coupled
with the way of Flesh becoming
sainthood his physical Foundation had
already gone to the extreme and he
didn't expect that it could actually
continue to be
enhanced sure enhancements are modest
it's just a side effect after all most
of all it was still used to use this as
a means to realize the way of rules with
the entry of these rule origin Force
into the body the original obscure and
difficult to grasp and even more
difficult to integrate the Golden Rule
origin suddenly became much more
adorable and the speed of comprehension
was completely incomparable compared to
earlier in just a moment luu managed to
grasp a rule characteristic sharpness
from this rule origin of gold Golds
sharp sort of chop the two complemented
each other
and if they could be successfully fused
luu's killing methods would definitely
be taken to the next level with a flash
of this thought the massive amount of
rule origin power began to be
frantically consumed when the rule
origin power contained in the rule
Crystal was completely consumed the two
rule characteristics of sharpness and
chopping finally completed their initial
Fusion
finally successfully fused but unfort Al
it's only a preliminary Fusion luu
slowly opened his eyes and a sharp light
flashed in his eyes looking at the rule
Crystal that was consumed and only left
an empty shell he couldn't help but
lament a treasure worth a trillion
dollars and this is used up however the
progress is
terrifying and that's enough referring
to the way of rules luu no longer had
the means to make sudden progress
through the tiue immortal cells and
tisue defra of Dharma pill as usual and
needed to use the even more precious
rule
crystals
obviously as one's strength progressed
there was no way that the top Treasures
that one got at the very beginning would
be able to make an immediate impact this
was normal the way of rules belonging to
the eighth realm the ninth realm's
ability The tiue Immortal cell and tiue
defract Dharma pill were also ninth
ranked Treasures unless a 10th order
treasure is obtained the descending blow
can
continue and with the prolonged
consumption the medicinal power of the
tyu diffractive law pill was already
going to consume a large portion of it
and after the power was completely
consumed it was feared that the progress
would be even slower luu shook his head
and looked again at the Golden Rule
origin of the civilization Flame
with sharpness being penetrated and
mastered this wisp of Golden Rule origin
dissipated by half
obviously there was another
characteristic that luu had not mastered
luu had probably understood this
characteristic when he had participated
in the previous
Enlightenment it's tough once this trait
is
penetrated it will lead to an extremely
powerful defense only now there is no
time
and there is no rule crystal stone for
luu to Enlighten right at this moment
luu's voice came from Legion Commander
Sher house ears listen up everyone the
ship is about to arrive at The Outpost
and the war is currently continuing over
there our
outposts according to the striker visual
inspection have suffered heavy
casualties not one in 10 but they are
still holding out still waiting for our
support our mission this time is to
repel the forces of the sanctuary
civilization and relocate everyone at
The
Outpost chapter 228 the mountainous
human Outpost Legion Commander sure how
paused and
continued
undoubtedly this battle will be very
treacherous but it's not without a
chance the Army currently besieging The
Outpost doesn't know we've broken
through the
blockade this is our only chance
gentlemen success or failure depends on
this everyone's heart sank as they
listened to the Legionnaire's words an
hours wait the big battle finally is
here even though I had prepared myself
mentally I was still a bit inexplicably
nervous to hear the news in person at
this moment the battlefield of The
Outpost was extremely tragic with one
out of 10 remaining and this support
mission of theirs was equally perilous
to the extreme when luu heard this he
immediately felt that oncoming pressure
but what flowed from his eyes was still
a look of eagerness to try he had
already fused the chop of the sword da
rule in the sharpness of the rule of
gold and at this moment his offensive
ability was much stronger than
before this is a big battle just enough
to verify one or two things if it was
possible
then we would behead another eighth
realm
Powerhouse let the fires of civilization
suck out its rules of origin sure it's
gotten a lot stronger though however luu
didn't look down on those eighth realm
power houses because of this
similarly there is a difference between
a high and a low level of power in the
eighth realm an eighth realm that
mastered the characteristics of a rule
was only considered an eighth realm
initiation the strength of the eighth
realm that mastered the characteristics
of two rules was likewise not very
strong just a little stronger than the
entry level and the golden General that
he had encountered before was this type
of eighth realm an eighth realm that
mastered five or six rule
characteristics would be extremely
strong and would be considered a
stalwart combatant of the eighth realm
as for those eight or nine or even a
dozen rule characteristics of the eighth
realm that was very terrifying
and it was considered the top eighth
realm Battle Force there was also that
eighth realm limit mastering the five
elements of earth
fire wind and water or
gold wood
water fire and Earth fusing the
characteristics of all the basic rules
with each other allowing the composition
of the world within to gradually
stabilize
and its strength was completely no less
than that of an ordinary ninth realm
Marshall Emperor this was also
considered the eighth realm the current
Lou you could only bully some
introductory eighth realm or an eighth
realm like the golden General if he met
a middle a realm Warrior it would be
very difficult to fight even if they had
some Advantage above the attack by
virtue of the fusion rule of chop and
sharpness it was simply impossible to
behead them if he encoun entered those
top eight realm Warriors then luu was
afraid that he wouldn't even have the
power to fight and even escaping would
be a problem as for the eighth realm
limit I'm afraid that he could be
ravaged in a single glance not at all on
the same level sure he has the soul seal
it's really a matter of life and death
Soul seal will then trigger
automatically at that time whether it
was the e realm limit or the ninth realm
all of them would be out of luck but
once the soul seal is triggered then
this adventure will end here and within
3 years don't think about venturing out
so until the critical moment until the
time of true
desperation the soul seal is definitely
something that can be used not used just
as Lu you was thinking like this
legionaire sh how approached little
Marshall Saint in this battle I still
have to ask you sh house said with a
heavy face according to the Vanguard
squads probing there are at least two
eighth realm powerhouses in the
sanctuary civilizations encircling Army
and that's still a conservative estimate
one of the eighth realm powerhouses
requires a little Marshall Saint to deal
with it if not even a sneak attack would
have made it difficult for us to
complete the rescue listening to Sher
how's words luu nodded and said
seriously leave it to me good shha
couldn't help but let out a sigh of
relief when he heard this
afterward he immediately took out a
rough map of the battlefield of The
Outpost and narrated the specific
details of the battle with luu it had to
be said that Sher House's rescue plan
though rough and simple had B basically
taken into account all the places that
could be considered even luu's division
from the grand SE Chief Marshall made it
difficult to find any loopholes in it
this plan is perfect simple and easy to
understand I probably get it Legion
Commander your command ability is very
good Lou you couldn't help but say I've
already deduced this plan countless
times sure how laughed very
self-satisfied with this I heard that
your teacher is sword Emperor Xiao so I
wanted to ask for your opinion and since
you said so then I'm
relieved 50 km from the battlefield of
The Outpost the fleet of airships slowed
to a halt and the crowd would next rush
to the battlefield In the Flesh in the
support team the lowest realm was the
fifth realm
existance and the distance of 50 km in
the district would only take a few
minutes to easily arrive
and if they ran at full speed they could
be even
faster this distance it's very close it
would have been easy to be alerted in
advance if we had gotten any closer once
the other party was aware of it then
this sneak attack plan would be in vain
human
outposts Broken Walls corpses and rivers
of blood the war has not stopped for a
moment since it began the large Army of
the sanctuary
civilization which numbered
500 0000 to
600
0000 was overwhelmingly Canon fodder
among Canon fodder to an eighth realm
demigod of the sanctuary
civilization the lives of the soldiers
at the bottom were completely equivalent
to Expendable items they were sent here
to die as a way to sap the fighting
Spirit of the human
Warriors as well as their physical
strength strength if you get lacks
because of this and think that every
wave is Canon fodder you're going to be
at a big
disadvantage this is the usual routine
of the sanctuary Army coldly and
suddenly he attacked with a thunderous
strike killing dozens even hundreds of
human martial artists and then
immediately Drew away before the human
martial artists could
Counterattack it felt like a pack of
wolves hunting obviously a swarm will
bite the
prey however fearing injury as a result
they used the tactic of constant
attrition keeping a dead eye on his prey
to keep it from escaping he watched as
it finally collapsed with a thud due to
excessive bleeding in this way the
important war effort casualties are
minimized it had to be said that the
commander-in-chief of this Sanctuary
Army was indeed very smart on the other
hand on The Human Side all the martial
artists pinned their hopes on the
reinforcements however a long time had
passed and the reinforcements still had
not arrived perhaps the message didn't
get back the man who delivered the
message was taken out halfway through
perhaps the human Commander
outside after weighing the pros and cons
gave up on them after all the cost of
rescuing them was was too great and with
that effort it would be better to get a
new
Outpost the
moment in The
Outpost Chow Shia the peak of the
seventh realm and the Army Chief with
the strength of the eighth realm was
covered in wounds and his entire body
had turned into a bloody man just then
the sanctuary civilization's Army
attacked again not allowing them a
moment's respit and as always before
attacking an emissary from the armies of
sanctuary opened his mouth to beckan
those who surrender will not be killed
I'll give you one last chance surrender
quickly as long as you are willing to
kneel at the feet of the god king the
god king will forgive all your sins the
messenger shouted so in the broken human
language chapter 229 a death is just a
death why would an emissary from the
sanctuary civilization Ed the human
language the reason was simple it wasn't
that it had been deciphered in a short
period of time but that someone from the
Clan's martial arts had surrendered in
utter despair in the face of imminent
death not all of us can go to our deaths
openly there is great Terror between
life and death even if you have already
prepared yourself mentally to Die the
moment you actually die you will still
be afraid and then you will
Retreat Escape or even
surrender it wasn't really surprising
for one or two such people to appear
amongst so many human martial artists at
The
Outpost people are
complicated what kind of people all of
them there are
heroes
naturally there will be scum who will
humiliate themselves to survive for them
even if they kneeled at the feet of the
secret God they would still live even if
this results in leaving one's home and
completely betraying the human race
regret maybe there is but the choice has
been made and even if you regret it it's
obviously too late but they didn't know
if they knew shame and didn't dare to
face their fellow human race members or
if they were afraid of death fearing
that the human Race's martial artist
would behead these traitors without a
second thought so when it comes to
persuading to
surrender it's these foreigners who do
it at the moment this came out on this
side of the Outpost there was a silence
and even Legion Commander Chow sha
didn't open his mouth to speak when the
messenger saw this he was delighted and
knew that the opportunity had come he
hastened to shout again we are willing
to SW sweare in the name of the supreme
god king that as long as you are willing
to surrender we will absolutely not
continue to brutalize you you are
warriors who have fought to the death
until now and the Supreme Demag good
Lord Watson greatly admires your courage
and feels that it would be too much of a
shame for warriors like you to die like
this of course even demigod Lords have
limited patience and this is the last
time that we for for the last time
extend an invitation for you to join us
if you are willing to surrender and join
us
power status Beauty cultivation
resources all of them will be
available this is the respect we give to
the Brave the treatment you deserve
we'll give you a final 5 minutes to
think about it if you choose to continue
resisting then we will no longer counsel
you to
surrender and all of you for that matter
will die even though it would be a shame
to kill you
Warriors this is the last
exhortation I hope you'll talk it over
the foreign Emissary who came to
persuade him to surrender had a pretty
good memory and although these words
were spoken in an awkward and twisted
manner all the martial artists in the
Outpost heard and understood them facing
death or surrender to the the
foreigners this is the question before
all Legion Commander chaa looked up at
the gloomy sky and didn't know what he
was thinking Yen jinu the deputy
regimental commander on the side
suddenly said Legion
Commander perhaps we can pretend to
surrender these
foreigners survive first and wait until
the critical moment then we'll Rebel and
in that case it won't be considered
betrayal of the human race save the
Green Hills don't worry about the wood
hearing this chiaa looked deeply at
yingu do you think that the sanctuary
civilization would be so stupid Chia sha
asked
indifferently at these words Yen jingu
fell
silent yeah would a sanctuary
civilization be so stupid absolutely not
saying such things now is just lying to
yourself once you
surrender it's a road of no return if
you want to live I won't stop you Chia
sha said
seriously we've resisted until now and
the reinforcements still haven't come
either the news hasn't gotten back or
we've been
abandoned actually counting the time
even with a slight delay or two the
reinforcements should have arrived the
fact that it hasn't come yet means that
it really won't come and we've more than
likely been abandoned in that case you
find a way to live and no one can blame
you not even me hearing this Yen jinu
raised his head in
consternation and there was some
trembling in his voice what about that
legionaire you me Chia sha couldn't help
but laugh when he heard this and his
laughter seemed extraordinarily relaxed
as if he was finally going to be
relieved of this a death is just a death
what is there to fear I've lived 178
years and I've lived long enough there's
no way I'm
surrendering just die in this secret
realm dying in battle that's the destiny
of a martial artist the only shame is
that I won't be able to go back and see
my great great grandchild children again
hearing this Yen jinu's eyes widened as
he said word for word you're willing to
be a martyr Legion Commander but you're
trying to fool us into being cowards are
you insulting me since you chose so
there is no turning back xia sha looked
at him it's just a death what's there to
fear Yen jinu also laughed take this
question and ask everyone about it xia
sha shook his head soon everyone at The
Outpost fa is this problem a heroic
death or live in
humiliation in the face of this one
question the 508 martial artists still
alive in the
Outpost without exception all gave the
same answer one death is all it takes
one death is all it takes one death only
there are so many things to regret so
many things to try to make up for and
simply not too many reasons to live and
it would be really nice to live who
doesn't want to live but they carry so
much on their backs too many martial
artists have died here whatever for them
or for
yourself all must never
surrender one death only as it is then
go to your death after hearing
everyone's replies xia sha smiled once
again this time with a smile full of
relief he raised his head and looked at
the distant Army that looked like a sea
of mountains his eyes filled with
contempt he opened his mouth with a wide
grin a mere foreign race from the taiway
mysterious realm a race from a few
reincarnations ago lingering and
surviving until now not even a lowly
civilized group is worthy of making us
human martial artists
surrender haha what a laugh even if we
go to our deaths we can't die like this
since the support troops won't be coming
let's launch a final charge pass the
order to make the final charge we're
going to die in the final charge the
demigod Watson stared at the distant
Battlefield and couldn't help but sigh
when he saw that this team on the
opposite side didn't have the intention
of
surrendering but instead gathered their
ranks and appeared to be about to launch
a charge what a strong Army what a shame
an army composed entirely of Warriors
the army of the god king is nothing more
than that the human race behind them is
still really not
simple however since you chose to go to
your deaths you will all be killed pass
the order down final Siege kill all
human martial artists when the order was
passed down a few human traitors
couldn't help but tremble when they
heard it at the end of the day they
still chose to go to their deaths as the
armies of sanctuary continued to gather
the final battle began the 5508 people
of the human
Outpost if nothing happens all will die
here here however just then a sudden
change occurred chapter 230 how dare you
stop me at the sixth realm kill xia sha
roared and slashed out a peak seventh
realm Foreigner was directly split in
half even if they were at the peak of
the seventh realm there was a difference
between high and low in the case of
utilizing the blood burning mysterious
technique not to mention a foreigner who
was also at the peak of the seventh
realm even if it was a foreigner of the
eighth realm he would be able to
decimate it nay the opposite side avoids
fighting demigod Watson naturally knew
how powerful Chia sha was and didn't
dare to approach at all drag as long as
he dragged it out until the opposite
side secret method ended he could easily
be killed even if the price was the
deaths of several seven realm Divine
ambassadors it was completely worth it
although Chia sha was in the seventh
realm his battle power was completely no
less than the average eighth realm and
demigod Watson had already regarded him
as an opponent of the same level to kill
a
demigod even at some cost the true God
lord is understandable in the blink of
an eye Chia sha had already killed a
bloody path however there were simply
too many foreigners around to kill
it was simply impossible to kill them
all as the blood burning mysterious
technique continued Chia xia's gray hair
gradually turned silver white at this
moment as if it was a burning log that
was about to burn out when he had just
established the human Outpost xia sha
still had a head full of black hair and
not a single gray hair but at the moment
there was not a single black hair to be
found in this head full of silver hair
and now he has to burn himself one last
time when he is about to burn out he
raised his head to look at demigod
Watson in the distance and opened his
mouth to ask Demag good Watson do you
dare to fight me again fight you again
Watson snorted out a laugh when he heard
this you think I'll give you that chance
your short-term combat power by
utilizing this secret method of burning
life force is far above mine how stupid
am I to fight you ridiculous
ridiculous your life is about to burn
out you're nothing more than a person
who is about to die why should I fight
with you explode your last rage since
you're unwilling to kneel at the feet of
the god king go to hell no one can save
you boom the large rear of the
sanctuary's army was suddenly raided by
a team that was extremely Elite like a
sharp knife that burned red and stabbed
into congealed lard instantly tearing
open in a huge gash boom boom boom boom
countless explosions that covered the
sky huge sedes of the Holy realm Army
were blown to pieces in an instant blood
flowed as this sharp knife continued to
penetrate deeper and deeper the
formation of the sanctuary Army
gradually collapsed somewhat as the
casualty figures grew higher and higher
in the Holy Realms Army the Divine Envoy
in charge of scouting whitened his eyes
his complexion filled with
astonishment just a moment ago on the
Divine luo it did show a team
approaching but the other side like them
are
devotees so he didn't take it to heart
and even sent a messenger over to greet
and asked the other party about their
purpose who knew that in the blink of an
eye the opposite side attacked directly
it was just too sudden shin actually
made a mistake what the hell is going on
here in the meantime the Demag good
Watson had just finished his harsh words
when he heard a series of explosions
from the rear and the formation was
slightly dispersed as a result so he
couldn't help but be a bit
confused what is this situation xia sha
looked up to see this scene and couldn't
hold back his tears the support that has
been waiting for so long is finally here
stick around until the the end of the
day and wait
Brothers reinforcements are coming
reinforcements are coming chiaa raised
the long sword in his hand and shouted
we have not been abandoned the team to
support us is here follow me to kill our
way out and kill our way out Chia sha
charged up again but with a single
slash he easily killed a seventh realm
Foreigner and wherever he passed he was
in Invincible to 10,000 people when Vice
had yening you saw this scene but his
eyes turned red he immediately shouted
Legion Chief you can't use the secret
technique anymore if you don't stop
you'll die here since the reinforcements
are already here then your bloodb
burning secret technique can stop we'll
just wait for help when xia sha heard
this he was relased Ed and smiled he
doesn't look back as I said the destiny
of a martial artist is to die in the
middle of the Sands and the current me
even if I go back I'll just be a wasil
with no more years to live in that case
might as well kill a few more Fay
killing one is enough killing too is
earn it's also revenge for the brothers
moreover
for this final battle I must kill an
eighth realm
demigod saying so Shia sha directly
killed a bloody path to that demigod
Watson's body to cut him down Watson
completely did not expect obviously the
reinforcements have come this human
Powerhouse still looking for his own
fight just so do not want to live you
are nothing but a Candle in the Wind you
deserve to kill me what son was annoyed
he also has a bloody nature reason has
made him avoid fighting all the time he
has avoided fighting but now or by Chow
sha to find an
opportunity then he can also fight these
words were uttered while using the power
of rules and even though the language
was not
understood both Watson and Sha Sha could
understand what each other were saying
haaha not worthy of killing you
hearing this Chia sha said
contemptuously you're nothing more than
my underling without the rescue of
another eighth realm you would have died
under my blade long ago now that my
reinforcements are here will there be a
second eighth realm to save you while
verbally attacking Chia sha did not stop
the attacks on his hands with a slash
under the Ferocious and incomparable
attack what Watson's Earth rule
protection cracked in layers Watson spat
out a mouthful of blood and gritted his
teeth if you don't use your secret
technique you won't be able to defeat me
at all stupid xia sha didn't bother to
talk any more nonsense or rather he was
no longer able to distract himself from
talking at this moment he was about to
move towards the end of his life and was
about to burn out at any time if he were
to be distracted again then he would
more than likely miss out on a good
opportunity in the meantime two other
eighth realm Powerhouse auras erupted
from the sanctuary domain Army sensing
these two AAS Chia xia's face changed
revealing a look of
disbelief how is it possible how come
there were actually three eth realm
Realms in this holy realm Army clearly
before there were only two
if there were only two he'd take care of
one and the legionaire of the support
team would take care of another and that
would save the rest but now there was
actually a Third eth Realm in the Holy
realm Army so what should we do haaha
Demag good Watson burst out laughing
don't you know what it means to be
prepared if you think we only have 2
eighth Realms you're sadly mistaken
xia sha couldn't help but bite his teeth
as he sniffed the reinforcements are
clearly coming or not it doesn't matter
if he dies here but the 500 brothers who
have fought so far must at least leave
alive sky above sixth realm an eighth
realm dagod stared at the opponent in
front of him his face filled with a look
of dismay air sixth realm and you dare
to block me chapter 231 sword beheading
demigod luu's strength luu looked at the
eighth realm Powerhouse in front of him
with a calm expression he could sense
that the strength of this eighth realm
on the opposite side was not too strong
it shouldn't be too far off from the
strength of the golden General that he
had beheaded earlier are all the eighth
realm of your Sanctuary civilization at
your level luu was a bit curious and
couldn't help but ask that seems a
little hurtful but this guy across the
street is going to die anyway and it
doesn't matter if it hurts or not
hearing this Demag good Damon froze
slightly his eyes filled with surprise
he had not expected at all that this
little guy who was only a sixth realm
would dare to say such words to
himself what do you mean the eight
Realms of the sanctuary civilization are
all at my level are you looking down on
me or or do you look down on Sanctuary
civilization not true suddenly Damon
responded why was he able to understand
the words of this little guy across the
room obviously the language doesn't work
but what was said across the room Damon
could understand what this means
naturally is
self-evident six Realms just six
realms mastered the
rules at this moment Damon was shaken in
the sacred realm
civilization even Geniuses who were
expected to reach the true God Realm
didn't have a tenth of the talent of
this guy in front of them right a genius
of your level Damon stared at luu
speaking in a voice that was filled with
confusion your
civilization it actually dares to let
you come out and take risks isn't it
afraid that Youk die die luu couldn't
help but laugh when he heard this you
want to kill me it is I who will kill
you a genius of this level whether
killed or
imprisoned was a great Merit Damon
instantly disappeared in place and
violently erupted with extremely
terrifying energy his body Aura was like
the sea
capsizing directly killing over the rule
origin that Damon had mastered was water
the rule characteristics he had mastered
were change and healing among them
change is a means of attack and heal
serves as a means of defense and can
also be used as a secondary means at
this moment his means of attack was
change water is the softest and the
strongest with two completely opposing
sides and this is the mystery of change
at this
moment going all out to kill with the
characteristic change operating to the
extreme The lethality at this moment
even luu had to treat it with caution
luu did not hesitate and directly swung
his sword Paul returned to the
ruins
previously it was difficult for this
sword to threaten an eth realm
Powerhouse but since luu had mastered
chop and sharpness it was a completely
different story what's more he had
completely fused the two
characteristics and even if it was only
a preliminary Fusion that wasn't
considered perfect it still displayed an
extremely terrifying power Boom the
attacks from both sides slammed together
and under the violent energy
fluctuations the Earth Shook and
trembled some Canon fodder soldiers in
the sanctuary civilization 's Army
feeling the terrifying fluctuations that
seem to be able to destroy the world
were so scared that they directly fell
to their knees similarly discolored were
the other 28th realm
demigods Watson yabu and the 28th realm
demigods looked at the terrifying
fluctuations over here with some
surprise all that commotion right off
the bat to actually put up such a fight
that's not right Damon's oppon oent why
isn't he more than a sixth realm what
level of terrifying genius is this when
shiaa saw this scene he could not help
but whiten his eyes what did he see the
one who was battling against the sacred
realm civilization's eighth realm was
actually Junior Marshall St luu he's the
son of a marshall sage and he's coming
over for support on such a Dangerous
Mission at this moment he was still
fighting with an eighth realm in a fight
this scene is just
ridiculous even the battle Harden Chow
sha was a bit
dumbfounded chop chop chop chop chop
chop the blade of the sword was sharp as
if it could cut through everything even
if it is the water that is so changeable
and so soft and strong normally speaking
the characteristics of the water rule
that Damon had mastered somewhat
restrain luu's sword da rule but at this
moment this sword
surprisingly directly cut through Damon
water a sword breaks the water the
destructive sword light after destroying
the change traits attack the momentum of
the aftermath was
unabated and it directly smashed into
Damon put dmon couldn't help but spit
out a mouthful of blood the surface
looked intact but his internal organs
had been stirred up if it was an
ordinary eighth realm at this moment the
combat power would definitely be cut
down
drastically
luckily he has the ability to recover
Damon immediately used heel to recover
his injuries and soon recovered as
before
nonetheless his face was still very
unpleasant as he looked at luu in
disbelief for a moment how is possible
you know he was a demigod of the eighth
realm and under a head-to-head encounter
he was actually completely crushed by a
sixth realm this is just
incredible luu nodded slightly when he
saw this scene he didn't go all out
right off the bat however it still
crushed the opponent head on
and also inflicted some injuries on him
so it seems chop and
sharpness these two rule
characteristics the power after Fusion
the effect was very good
suddenly seeing the opposite side
healing their injuries luu said with
some
surprise you still have the ability to
heal is that part of the rule
characteristics Damon blushed hard and
did not answer
but
acquiesced what a nice ability luu
smiled and nodded Damon's face looked a
little strange at that comment what do
you mean it's nice what was the meaning
of this why was he praising his rule
characteristics before he could react Lu
you once again raised the long sword in
his hand your rues feature is great but
it's mine in a minute without the
slightest hesitation
luu used a big move this sword to behead
the gods before it was even swung out
just storing up its strength the Demag
good Damon sensed the danger his sweaty
hair standing on end in Goosebumps
spreading all over his body the body's
instincts told him danger danger danger
run away Damon was
confused he hesitated for a Split Second
it was this momentary
hesitation and it was obviously too late
to escape again inside luu's body the
Marshall golden pill was running wildly
and his strength was at its peak at this
moment come and try this sort of mine
come resist it with all your might luu
bowed his head and looked at Damon with
contempt from the top down Damon finally
responded without looking back he turned
and fled
as he fled he also shouted Watson yabu
help me if he were to rely solely on
himself he wouldn't be able to block the
sword no matter what and he had to let
the other two demigod powerhouses come
over in order to have a chance of
survival needless to say Damon's
decision was not wrong
unfortunately right now neither Watson
nor yabu had time to save him hahaha
don't think about rescuing xia sha
laughed and made a horizontal slash
stopping Watson who wanted to leave on
the other side sh house swung out his
rule Lance and stopped yaboo and he
couldn't help but feel in his heart how
did it feel like the little Marshall
Saint had gotten stronger again it's
really
outrageous escape above the sky Lu you
looked at this eighth Realm powerhouses
choice and said softly stupid Choice
there was no
hesitation and the sword was swung
directly pul Chopper chapter 2329 Realms
only how can you call yourself a god a
sword chopped out it's like heaven and
Earth hanging upside down Damon who was
originally fleeing was like lost at this
moment and even panicked and ran towards
the Sanctuary Army he seemed to want to
use these soldiers to help him block the
sword however even so it was still
unable to stop the sharpness of the
sword boom with just one sword a
bottomless Gully appeared on the ground
and uncountable holy realm soldiers
perished as a result it was just a sword
Damon couldn't resist it even if he
tried his best and he kept urging the
two rule character istics of change and
heal in an attempt to escape with it in
several battles in the past as long as
these two rule characteristics were
pushed to the extreme one could survive
even the most dangerous
situations this time this time there
will be no
exceptions Damon's mind growled so as a
matter of fact if luu had only mastered
chop and
sharpness he wouldn't have been able to
kill the this guy even if he had gone
all out with his chopping God one sword
the Restraint of the rule
characteristics was one aspect and the
other was his ability to preserve his
life which was simply too strong change
can be used to attack and likewise to
save your life healing not to mention
just in an instant even if the injury is
heavy it can be quickly recovered as
before it really wasn't normal for L you
to want to decapitate him but now when
chop and sharpness were fused 1 plus one
was greater than two and it had been
sublimated to a whole new level even if
it was the rule of the most soft and
rigid water it was all chopped up for
you boom terrifying to the extreme
energy fusing the power of rules
completely exploded in this instant
Damon
who had originally had his heart in the
right place finally despaired at this
moment no this sword this sword his eyes
whitened in horror his eyes filled with
remorse why did he back up to come here
obviously he could have
refused he was the high priest of the
Empire and a Demag good of the highest
nobility
inexplicably you're going to fall here
this is just just
ridiculous Damon die an eighth realm
dagod had fallen just like that Rumble
Rumble lightning flashed and thunder
roared dark clouds covered the sky
torrential rain fell and the Heaven and
Earth suddenly
appeared however in the next second the
Heaven and Earth Visions suddenly
disappeared a new strand of rural origin
appeared in luu's flame of civilization
it was this Damon's water rule at this
moment everyone was stunned by this
Sudden
Change however in the instant before
they could react luu had already flashed
and disappeared in place the wind God's
feathered wings behind his back spread
out
recklessly and after mastering the
fusion rule
characteristics his speed at this moment
was on a higher level few in the blink
of an eye luu arrived in front of chia
sha just leave this Foreigner to me luu
opened his mouth he sensed that the
situation of this Army Chief was not
right obviously imposing but his own
breath was extraordinarily weak as if it
was a Candle in the Wind that might go
out at any time there is no doubt that
it was fought to the last moment
utilizing the blood burning secret
method he burned his life away when xia
sha heard this his expression moved
slightly and he couldn't help but smile
little Marshall Saint are you planning
to rob me of my military achievements Lu
you was slightly stunned when he heard
this of course he could hear that this
was still a joke this person was afraid
that he was already prepared to die and
at this moment even if support came he
still did not intend to leave alive he
will fight to the to death burned to the
last moment Lu was silent for a moment
and spoke let's join
forces good hearing this Chia sha
readily agreed Watson looked at luu with
fear and without the slightest
hesitation he turned around and fled
Escape just now in that sword he saw
something the sixth realm genius was was
simply too Fierce it was even if he
mastered two types of rule
characteristics but he also completely
fused the two types of rule
characteristics which was what made
Damon have no room to struggle at all
and was directly
beheaded Watson's speed of retreat was
fast yet luu's Outburst was even faster
at the moment as his wind God feathered
wings revved up directly blocking
Watson's path of retreat die Chia sha
shouted angrily his head full of silver
hair flying as he directly swung his
sword to strike LU youu on the other
side likewise did not hesitate and
directly swung his sword pull chopping
God in fact Chia sha alone after
utilizing the blood burning secret
method his strength was able to crush
Watson and it was only because his Chi
and blood had decayed and was about to
burn out that he was unable to cut him
down in a short period of time at this
moment combining with luu how could this
eighth realm Demag God resist no doubt
about it once again one fell
Rumble this time it was only a few
Thunders and before it even rained
Watson's Earth rule origin was sucked
into the flame of Civilization by luu
the vision gone
L you blinked as more and more eighth
realm foreign races were killed the
speed at which the flame of civilization
absorbed the ru Ence seemed to be
getting faster and faster if he absorbed
it a few more times maybe after
beheading the E realm Fay it wouldn't
even Thunder and not even Heaven and
Earth anomalies would appear I'm going
to the other side to help luu glanced at
Chow Shia then instantly disappeared in
Place hearing luu's words Chia sha then
withdrew from the state of the bloodb
burning secret method his figure swayed
and he almost fell from midair xia sha
raised his head and looked at the
direction Lee left he couldn't help but
sigh softly in
admiration I didn't expect to be able to
see the little Marshall sage like this
before I die it's worth it haaha no
regrets no regrets two demigods had
fallen
this was simply a devastating blow to
the sanctuary civilization's Army and
the
formation which was already slightly
chaotic was completely thrown into
disarray at this moment in the midst of
that chaos a few human traitors could
not help but stare at this scene their
hearts filled with sadness how could it
be that they had just surrendered to the
sanctuary
civilization and the support of the
human race had come it was even if the
support came but it also destroyed the
Battlefield decimating 2 eth realm
powerhouses in a row directly rewriting
the
battlefield why why couldn't you have
come earlier is it too late to go back
to the human team and pretend nothing
happened however not waiting for them to
go back the ones who had their powers
impr prison were no different from
Ordinary People and at this moment they
died directly in tragically at the feet
of the foreigners and were trampled to
death alive just like that in the
meantime the last Demag good
Powerhouse yabu didn't even have the
heart to fight at the moment and turned
around to escape he turned into a gust
of wind and instantly detached himself
from the
battlefield wind rule
controller stop him seeing this luu
hurriedly transmitted a message to
Legion Commander shha
no even without the use of Voice
transmission shound knew what he had to
do without the slightest
hesitation he directly utilized the
blood burning mysterious technique and
his speed instantly soared stopping the
retreat of this Demag good
Powerhouse get out of the way get out of
the way
fearful yabo hiss let me go I am the son
of a God you cannot kill me if you kill
me the great true God will surely send
down punishment you will all die son of
the true God hearing this threat Lu you
couldn't help but laugh nine Realms only
how can you call yourself a god chapter
233 sword beheading three
demigods the sanctuary civilization
shook in the vast universe beyond the SE
secret realm the existences that could
be called true gods were without
exception all 10 realm
powerhouses but in this taiway
mysterious realm the ninth realm was
called a true God as for that true
existence of the 10th realm it was
called the god king information coming
back from the troops at this
Outpost but think about it the sanctuary
civilization in this secret realm came
from many reincarnations ago and it was
already quite remarkable that they had
survived here to this day and still
managed to develop to this size it was
not an easy thing to have a ninth realm
Powerhouse appear it is reasonable to
dare to call yourself a true God after
all over here even ordinary eighth realm
powerhouses could call themselves Demag
Goods the
moment when the true God's son yabu
heard these words
he stared slightly and then his face
became extraordinarily brilliant all
along his identity as the son of a true
God could be said to be
unbeatable even the powerhouses of cenu
civilization and ancient Market
civilization who were as powerful as
water and fire after learning of his
identity all had to be polite and
courteous to him and did not dare to lay
their hands on him at all after all who
dares to incur the hatred of a true God
simply tired of living in his mind his
father had always been the Supreme Being
even though he had become a Demag good
Powerhouse he still thought so yet now
in this little guy's mouth he actually
said something like nine Realms only is
it also worthy of being called a god
this is a direct reversal of Yabo's
three views he's broken his defense a
bit
infidels
Infidel how dare you disrespect the
great true God I'm going to die with you
so you'll know that the great true God
is not to be Dishonored yabo roared in
Anger then immediately used his secret
technique about to blow himself up on
the spot when luu saw this he
immediately launched his sword on the
other side sure how
who had blocked Yabo's Retreat followed
suit if yabu really succeeded in blowing
himself up it would be no joke whether
it was him or the little Marshall Saint
even if he didn't die it was still very
bad enough boom boom terrifying rule
fluctuations spread unchecked and
countless soldiers of the sanctuary Army
who were fleeing prostrated themselves
on the ground in fear no doubt about it
another eighth realm demigod Fallen all
the soldiers of the sanctuary
civilization the body cannot stop
trembling the sky is falling the sky is
falling it was only a short while a but
three Demag Goods actually died and
among them there was even the true God's
son yabu Rumble the thunder struck only
once not even Gathering dark clouds and
the vision
disappeared seeing this scene Legion
Commander Sher how couldn't help but TSK
in
amazement what kind of tactics did the
little Marshall Saint use it was
actually impossible to even manifest a
vision in the meantime chiaa looked at
the battle in the distance and couldn't
help but sigh with emotion when he saw
Liu teaming up with SH how to kill the
third eighth realm demigod
magnificent
magnificent with the stature of the
sixth realm to behead 38 realm
powerhouses in a row can truly be said
to have no predecessors and no
successors little Marshall Saint is
truly the future of the human race xia
sha revealed a contented look and slowly
closed his eyes then his body fell from
the sky
Legionnaire Deputy head Yen Jing Yu
hurriedly flew over in K Chow sha those
martial artists from the human
outposts who had fought bloodily until
now and were still alive saw the scene
and immediately realized what in that
instant everyone's eyes went red
legionaire kill kill kill kill a bloody
Road at this moment the crowd which was
already exhausted to the extreme
suddenly erupted with terrifying battle
power there's a saying woe is me when
everyone is grieving it can instead
Inspire unprecedented
potential this day in the middle of the
battlefield at The
Outpost the sanctuary
civilization in
succession had fallen three Demag good
powerhouses losing hundreds of thousands
of troops at the same time most of the
soldiers
in fact didn't die in battle they just
didn't dare to go back even the son of
the true God died but they went back
alive and the consequences were
self-evident almost all of the soldiers
who had become
deserters either went Incognito or
defected to the immortal feather
civilization as well as the ancient
Market
civilization sure for the sanctuary
civilization
there is no doubt that the damage was
Heavy if we add the golden General at
the beginning then a total of four
demigods died before and after when the
news spread it immediately caused a
furer in a short period of time this
news is so
explosive you can't even cover it if you
want to for a moment it triggered a
violent Tremor throughout the sanctuary
civilization all Demag good powerhouses
without exception we're all confused
after hearing this news in the sanctuary
civilization Demag goods were already a
very Noble
existence even though the fires of War
continued to burn between the three
major
civilizations Demag good level
existences rarely
fell this time however for demod
powerhouses died at once it's horrible
shanoa in the Hall of the god king the
great being who reigned in power the
Supreme true God of the sanctuary
civilization was
Furious his eyes erupted in Fire and he
kept roaring in Anger my son
yabu has been killed
unforgivable the crime is great I will
absolutely let them know what it means
to be the wrath of a true God pass on my
orders find them
kill them the angry Roar of the true God
emanated from the Divine kingk Hall and
spread throughout the Divine capital for
a moment the entire God's Capital
trembled this
news likewise reached the other two
places in this continent The Immortal
feather
civilization and the ancient Market
civilization they were shocked and
delighted to hear the news the shock was
that so many demigods had Fallen the joy
is that the sanctuary civilization is
down on its luck not itself to them this
was a matter of the sanctuary
civilization itself and they were
already giving face by not falling on
their sword and taking the opportunity
to start a war and they still wanted to
assist so
naturally that was
impossible don't even think about it a
billion mountains deep a temporary
station shielded detected signals open
the Shinra probes of the sanctuary
civilization couldn't detect this place
without actively going out and
exploring this place is safe for now
medical area a group of exhausted wound
covered wounded men who should have
needed medical attention were now
standing around a makeshift Ward without
saying a word the captain of the medical
Squad looked at the men wanting to say
something he thought about it but didn't
bother these men are giving their
legionaire One Last Ride it's not a good
idea to interrupt at this time the
moment in the ward several seventh realm
martial
artists as well as the deputy head Yen
jingu all had rened eyes they looked at
Chia sha the Army Chief who was dying
and whose life was hanging by a thread
on the hospital bed and for a moment
they could not speak at all just then
Shia Shia who was on the hospital bed
slowly opened his eyes and his voice was
thin Shia Yen I'm in I'm in yening yu
hurriedly got down and put his ear to
the Army Chief's mouth he knew very well
that at this moment the Army Chief was
not long for life and could die at any
time that's account for Last Words
chapter 234 ancient military rights at
the disposal of the little Marshall
Saint the rest of the brothers are in
your hands Chia sha looked at Yen jinu
and spoke softly his breath was
extremely
disorganized less air in more air out
the voice speaking at the moment was
small but every word was clear
legionaire please don't say that Yen
jinyu gritted his teeth and revealed a
very forced bitter smile that smile it's
worse than crying I'll take you out of
The Secret World
legionaire you can't die in a place like
this our mission has been successfully
completed and we can go home don't you
want to see the great great
grandchildren we'll be back in the
airship in a little while you can go
back if you hold on just a little bit
just a little bit more when we get out
of the secret realm everything will be
fine why bother saying this chowa sigh
and raised his palm stopping yingu from
continuing just then his face
suddenly appeared to have a very strange
flush as if he had come down with a
spirit even his spitting became clear I
I said a long time ago that the destiny
of a martial artist is to die on the
battlefield what's more the little
Marshall Saint and I teamed up to kill
an eighth realm that's already enough
all out leave me alone I want to rest
alone after saying these words xia sha
slowly closed his eyes Yen jinu
instantly realized something his eyes
snapped open at this moment it it felt
as if his heart was being clutched when
it was really difficult to the
extreme just then a figure that no one
expected walked into the makeshift
hospital room little Marshall Saint L
youu Chow Shia who had already closed
his eyes thought that he had blurred his
eyes when he saw luu coming over he
opened his eyes and looked at luu with
some doubts in his eyes little Marshall
Sage is this give himself a Last Ride
luu looked at Chia sha on the hospital
bed who had a head full of white hair
and a withered dying face and spoke
softly Legion Commander Chow sha I've
heard about you and I don't think you
should die here eat it what Chia sha
froze for a moment somewhat
unresponsive L youu however had already
walked over and stuffed a blackish pill
into Chia xia's mouth only once it was
in the mouth and only slightly
swallowed it transformed into a warm
current that entered the stomach and
then gradually spread to all the limbs
and
Bones then no then nothing happened in
the ward the deputy had Yin jingu as
well as several other peaks of the
seventh realm were truly filled with
anticip when they heard luu's words the
little Marshall Saint was the son of a
marshall Saint and it wouldn't be
surprising to see such a magical being
who possessed some Treasures of living
and dying to save the life of the army
Chief however all the anticipation was
completely dashed in the next second xia
sha was still dead his breath completely
gone Legion Chief Yen jinu's eyes
whitened as he felt the legion command
whose breath was all but gone and he
couldn't help but look at luu his eyes
full of Doubt Junior Marshall Saint
little Marshall Saint didn't manage to
save it or is it too late a few other
seventh realm powerhouses didn't hold
back and open their mouths to ask when
Liu said that just now they thought that
the Army Chief was saved who knew the
legionaire was still dead
the charts let's just say it's a bit
outrageous it's a crying shame but no
matter what the little Marshall Saint
had been kind even if the rescue had
failed it was after all his
intention little Marshall Saint having
burned out his life Essence with the
blood burning mysterious technique
ordinary Treasures will not be able to
cure it Yen Jing Yu thought about it and
still spoke luu sniffed and didn't say
anything as he stared at the already
dead Chow sha just now luu gave Chow sha
an Elixir its name nin turn Soul
restoration pill the effect of the nine
revolutions pill is after taking it in
the next 24 hours if the body suffers
irreversible damage the effect of this
Elixir will be triggered as a
priority thus reversing in and yang
returning the soul to life
and repairing all damage I also wonder
with the life Essence burned out will it
still be possible to come back to life
this Elixir placed in luu's system
storage had been there for a long long
time for
luu who possessed the soul seal this
thing was slightly more chicken is in a
life and death situation there was no
doubt that it would definitely be the ye
Soul seal that would be triggered in
priority over the nine- turn Soul
restoration elixir in addition this
Elixir grade wasn't really high and it
really wasn't widely used although the
name nin turn Soul restoration pill
sounded loud and clear but the great is
actually no more than seventh order for
the Marshall King Realm of the eighth
realm it would no longer produce an
effect not to mention for a ninth realm
existence like master sh when you won
even if it was eaten in advance its
effect would not be much different from
a sugar bean and if there was an
accident it would not be possible to
produce an effect at all as for chow sha
he was at the peak of the seventh realm
and although he possessed eighth realm
battle power he was ultimately only at
the seventh realm so
theoretically the seventh ranked N9
Revolution soul restoration pill should
have an effect on him just as everyone
was in silence Chow Shia who had
originally lost his breath suddenly
opened his eyes and sat up directly it
was like holding his breath for a long
long time and he couldn't help but
breathe heavily not only that but his
head full of silver white hair had
gradually become black Chia sha looked
at his palm and felt the energy that was
constantly being restored in his body
and for a moment his jaw dropped the
moment see this scene the people in the
ward were all stunned everyone's faces
were filled with shock and
disbelief
fraud no it's coming to life the
legionaire is
resurrected it really worked L youu who
saw this scene let out a slight sigh of
relief and spoke with with a smile this
Vice head Yen jinu's eyes widened as he
turned his head to look at the little
Marshall Saint and couldn't help but
open his mouth to ask is this due to
that pill that the little Marshall Saint
just took to have such a terrifying
effect then what level of treasure is
that there was a slight Tremor in Yen
jinu's voice from Death To Life
reversing in and yang and all the body
is restored as before the life Essence
is restored again the heaven defying
effect of this treasure is really
unheard of it is really horrible it was
a little hard for him to believe that
the little Marshall Saint had casually
fed such a treasure to the legion
Commander it is indeed a very precious
treasure and this is the first time I've
taken it out and given it to someone
else luu nodded and said with
emotion however it's worth it to give it
to a hero like Army Chief Chia with
these words luu was
sincere at this moment when xia sha
heard these words he raised his head to
look at luu as an
afterthought then without the slightest
hesitation xia sha directly got up knelt
down on one knee and performed the
ancient military salute of dashia which
was the etiquette to express the highest
respect although this etiquette had been
been abolished long ago Chia sha was a
retro person at heart since this life of
mine was given to me by little Marshall
Saint then from now on I will be at
Little Marshall Saints disposal only
little Marshall Saints head will be at
my disposal chapter 235 taking stock of
the post-war Harvest for rule origin
after Chia sha knelt down on one knee
and performed the ancient military
salute inside and outside the room
everyone almost
coincidentally brushed their knees and
all knelt down on one knee from now on
at the back and call of the little
Marshall Saint I'll only look up to
little Marshall Saint the 57 people
other than Shia sha opened their mouths
almost in unison After experiencing the
bloody Battle At The Outpost these more
than 500 people almost turned into a
community all of them were the elite of
the elite sharing the same mind tacit
understanding to the extreme Leu had
taken out that treasure and saved the
life of army Chief Chia sha even so it
also allowed his burnt-out life Essence
to recover this kind of treasure without
a doubt must be precious to the extreme
little Marshall Saint made light of the
situation saying that a hero like
legionaire Chow deserved it but here's
the thing thing everyone has a scale in
their mind this kind of unheard of
treasure if it wasn't for the little
Marshall Saint I'm afraid that no one
would be able to take it out even if a
marshall Emperor were to arrive in
person he certainly wouldn't have this
kind of treasure
undoubtedly this must be the
life-preserving bottom card left by the
Marshall saint for the little Marshall
Saint and now little Marshall Saint had
taken it upon himself to take it out and
give it to Legion Chief CH to use what
if in the future little Marshall Saint
is in danger such a treasure is surely
used one less than the other in other
words the little Marshall Saint would
rather put himself in danger than save
the life of Legion Chief chow and say
what's worth worth it don't they know
even if they didn't want to admit it the
crowd had to admit that compared to the
little Marshall Saint safety inse
security the life of Legion Chief Chia
was nothing at all and the little
Marshall Saint was the future of the
human race but even so the little
Marshall Saints still took it out and
saved the Army Chief's life what kind of
favor is this how can I repay you it is
natural to give up one's life to pay for
it Lu was slightly stunned as he
listened to the voices of the crowd he
completely did not expect that after
saving ch Shia he had made the crowd
completely bow down to him please get up
luu couldn't let Shia sha kneel like
this little Marshall Saint if you don't
agree forgive me for not getting up Shia
sha said
seriously once these words came out the
others followed suit little Marshall
Saint if you don't agree forgive us for
not Rising with those words
what else could luu say all right I
promise luu nodded solemnly I am the
lord of the 138 stars of the taiway star
domain and I would have needed Warriors
like you since you are willing to follow
me then join me as long as there is a
piece of meat for me to eat there will
be a bite for you this is not a pie in
the sky luu never paints a pie
what he says is what he says only after
these words were said did the crowd
stand up each one of them with a smile
on their face from today onwards they
were all people of the little Marshall
Saint in fact right this behavior of
theirs some of them climbed up the pole
xia sha is in order to save his life
surrendered his life to pay back with
his life what about them
there's absolutely no need for that but
who is little Marshall Saint the son of
the Marshall Saint the future Marshall
Saint the Future Hope of the human race
previously in the battlefield of The
Outpost they had watched The Sword
behead 38 realm
foreigners this kind of existence was
truly
mesmerizing at this moment being able to
follow Legion Commander chow and hugged
the little Marshall Saint sty could be
considered a double win there is no
doubt that this is a better path the
treasure that little Marshall Saint fed
me is really powerful Chia sha felt the
many changes within his body and
couldn't help but speak after this life
and death barrier I should be able to
break through if nothing goes wrong I'll
soon be able to break through to the
eighth realm when Lou you heard this he
couldn't help but let his eyes light up
as he hurriedly spoke then
congratulations in advance to Legion
Commander Chia it's all thanks to the
little Marshall Saints blessing Chia sha
spoke without the little Marshall Saints
precious medicine there would be no
current me the only way to better repay
the little Marshall Saints favor is to
break through the eighth realm earlier
you killed 127th realm foreigners 496th
realm foreigners and 21 fth realm
foreigners in addition to that you
killed an eighth realm Foreigner
Powerhouse alone and you also teamed up
with Legion Commander chaa to kill an
eighth realm Foreigner Powerhouse and
again teamed up with Legion Commander
sure how to kill an eighth realm
Foreigner you have brilliantly completed
this Rescue Mission saving the lives of
508 people in The
Outpost on behalf of all human martial
artists I hereby express my high honor
to you you have gained 3 million milit
points as well as 3 million points in
contribution value and three times in
first class military service major luu
your rank level has been raised from
major to General luu glanced at the
military record prompt and couldn't help
but show a hint of a smile
sergeant
lieutenant
colonel General but it was within a
day's time that luu had jumped from
Sergeant to General officer it can be
exaggerated to the extreme that's a
speed that's not even a Rocket Ride
generally speaking the rank of Major
General a title that could only be
obtained by a strong person in at least
the eighth realm now luu's strength at
the moment was almost at this level not
too much of a problem luu did not take
this Major General title to heart after
all earlier on he had gotten the title
of Lord of the 138 planets of the taiway
star domain a major general is nothing
compared to that of course it's a bit of
a different feeling when it's typed by
hand in addition to military honors
contribution value in terms of titles
luu had also gained a considerable
amount of loot to distribute in the
chinan Treasure Pearl the loot piled up
into mountains a simple estimate would
be another few trillion star dollars if
not more the Fay in the secret world are
just Rich especially that son of the
true God he alone had exploded four rule
crystals Lu you got half of them which
was two the other two eth realm
powerhouses each had two rule crystals
on them one of them killed by luu alone
deserves to be his alone the other
who was killed with
chiaa could only share one with him
although Chia sha was adamant that he
didn't want it luu was also in great
need of rule crystals but he thought
about it and confiscated it xia sha was
about to break through to the eighth
realm so how could he not need rule
crystals if he did not take it under his
wing he took it over and it was
equivalent to a credit for saving his
life but since he he was under the
banner it was definitely better to leave
it for him to break through the eighth
realm in a
nutshell right now luu's body had a
total of five rule crystals luu then
glanced at the flame of civilization
within his body there were a total of
four types of rule origin attached to it
rule origin of gold characterization
toughness water rule origin
characteristics healing
and one more not known at the moment
rule origin of Earth characteristics
unknown wind rule origin characteristics
unknown if one could utilize the rule
Crystal and master all of these rule
Origins
undoubtedly luu's strength would
definitely soar and crazy once again
chapter 236 referring to the
characteristics of the rule of wind the
temporary station is safe for the time
being
but it is not something to be taken
lightly luu and the others had killed
48th realm demigods in a single day
which was an extremely huge loss for the
entire Sanctuary
civilization what's more among those
four Demag Gods there was also a son of
a true God there is no doubt that it
must have set off shock waves that shook
even the entire civilization
violently even though they could not be
found for the time being the sanctuary
civiliz ation would never give up their
search once they found out where they
were they would certainly do everything
in their power to retaliate back this is
almost a predictable
scenario as an outpost of the human race
the crowd had one main task besides
their support Mission and that was to
explore as much information as possible
about all aspects of this continent
rather than fighting with the sanctuary
civilization which was not something
they needed to do
therefore it is necessary to avoid the
battle as much as possible thoroughly
lurk in a slightly Spartan but clean
room luu sat cross-legged Begin The
Retreat he looked at the four rule
origins in the flame of civilization
within his body feeling their subtle
fluctuations and the subtle to extreme
flavor
gold water Earth Wind
I also wonder after consuming these five
rule crystals will it be possible to
fully grasp these four types of rule
origin the thought flashed through luu's
mind right now his strength when placed
in the eight Realms was not particularly
strong although he had already killed
several eighth realm it was more by
virtue of the fusion power of the sword
da Rule and the rule of gold that he had
some advantage in attacking if he
encountered a truly difficult opponent
such as the peak of the eighth realm Lu
you wouldn't be able to fight at all it
seems to be true that the sanctuary
civilization is a bit of a dish in the
eth
realm however it would be inappropriate
to treat all of the eight Realms of the
sanctuary civilization as if they were
vegetable chickens if that were true it
would be impossible to give birth to the
nine Realms the Masters are few but
definitely not none nine times out of 10
Lu you would encounter it in his next
adventure if you take a chance you are
likely to suffer a big loss that's why
it's a top priority to improve your
strength as much as possible he's not
strong enough without much thought luu
took out a rule Crystal from the chin
kuin treasure Pearl with a thought the
pure rule origin power slowly entered
his body
and luu's physical body strength also
received a small increase which could be
described as 100ft pole one step further
this collateral effect alone was no less
than many Treasures that enhanced the
physical body rule
crystals it had to be said were just too
good the only
downside is that it's too
expensive it's not right either
expensive is not a disadvantage of
people luu shook his head and threw the
distracting thoughts out of his mind
feeling the four rule Origins on the
flame of
civilization luu immediately began to
Enlighten
himself after a long time on the flame
of
civilization the rule origin of gold
gradually
disappeared at the same time luu
mastered the toughness trait relying on
this rule characteristic
luu's defense ability would be raised to
another level he cultivated the way of
Flesh to sainthood his fleshly body was
already extremely powerful and with the
addition of toughness at this moment it
was even stronger with this kind of
Defense ability I'm afraid that an
ordinary eighth realm would not be able
to break through the defense when they
hit him right luu blinked and couldn't
help but smile a little more ability to
stay alive which is a good thing he then
glanced at the rule Crystal and realized
that the rule origin energy inside had
only been consumed by a third at this
rate it wouldn't even take five rule
crystals to put these four types of rule
origin under complete control luu
immediately began to comprehend the rule
origin of water then he then realized he
was thinking too simply enlightening the
rule origin of gold luu's speed was
indeed very fast but it did not mean
that enumerating the rule origin of
other attributes could also be so fast
the reason for this is also simple the
talent bias is different luu studied
under jaia wuan and practiced the way of
the sword the way of killing which fit
with the rule of gold origin and the
rule of gold characteristic
sharpness which was easily grasped even
the fusion of shop and sharpness was not
met with too much difficulty and it was
done smoothly by merely consuming a rule
Crystal
similarly luu had stepped out of the way
of sainthood of the flesh which was very
much in line with toughness so when he
comprehended it it was exceptionally
smooth but this water rule origin it was
different it didn't fit that well with
luu himself sure with the help of the
tiue immortal cells and the tiue
diffractive Dharma pill it was still
possible to
comprehend and the rate of progress
wasn't too slow but wanting to go with
the flow of water like the rule origin
of gold
easily and surging forward was obviously
impossible whether it was the
consumption of cultivation or the time
spent it was exponentially increased luu
frowned it's me who underestimated the
cultivation of the way of rules come to
think of it it's right this is a rule
origin how can it be so easy to master
luu pondered for a moment and decisively
gave up on comprehending the rule origin
of water he looked to the other two rule
Origins one was the rule origin of Earth
and the other was the rule origin of
wind Earth and wind luu thought of his
natural aptitude wind God feathered
wings does it have the potential to
comprehend the origin of the rules of
wind just say try Lou you instantly
enumerated sure enough the rule origin
of wind compared to the rule origin of
water was a bit better to
comprehend although it wasn't as smooth
as comprehending the rule origin of gold
at least the speed wasn't slow it was
just that the consumption was a bit
greater enough to consume one and a half
fru crystals it was only then that luu
had mastered the rule of wind
characteristic its name is freedom the
effect of freedom is simple and literal
to be free and
unconstrained not to be bound whether it
was a domain or a world it could be
easily broken free this was not just an
increase in pure speed it was a change
in essence though somewhat distressed by
the consumption of that one and a half
rule crystals
but since it was possible to get the
rule trait of Freedom it was clearly
worth it
freedom is a great thing luu's eyes lit
up and he couldn't help but murmur wind
God feathered wings if it's paired with
the rule characteristic of Freedom even
if you can't beat those P realm
powerhouses you should be able to escape
easily not bad really good I'm much
better better at staying alive when the
retreat was over luu planned to leave
the temporary base and go out to explore
an adventure on the one hand it was to
get more treasures and more
resources and on the other hand it was
also to complete the systems exploration
quests getting this Freedom At This
Moment is like getting wings thinking
this way luu once again looked at the
civilization flame within his body the
rule origin hadn't disappeared yet
because there was still a rule
characteristic that hadn't been
comprehended the party had already
gotten a glimpse of the true nature of
the E Freedom which was an attack type
rule trait and its name was cutting
feeling the rule characteristics of this
door luu did not hesitate and
immediately took out the rule crystals
and continued to begin his
Enlightenment chapter 237 parasite of
the taiway star domain in the blink of
an eye
it was 3 days later in these three days
after consuming two entire rule crystals
luu had only managed to master the other
characteristic of the rule origin of
wind this huge amount of consumption
made luu helpless before and after a
total of nearly four rule crystals were
consumed before three rule
characteristics were
enumerated they are
toughness
freedom and cutting consume the tops one
over the other toughness only 1/3 of a
rule Crystal was consumed Freedom
consumes one and a half rule crystals
cutting directly consumes two rule
crystals
originally he was thinking of relying on
these five rule crystals to directly
Master the four types of rule origin in
hindsight he was still overthinking it
that's still in the fit the consumption
is also horrible the consumption of the
unfit Earth origin as well as the water
origin would categorically be even more
terrifying no wonder there were very few
eighth realm powerhouses that used Ral
crystals to cultivate Not only was the
price high it was more than worth it the
output ratio was too low this thing it's
not even something the eighth realm can
play with the only way to use rule
crystals was to be in the ninth Realm
realm and no ordinary ninth realm would
do so it had to be some of the stronger
ninth Realms luu shook his head he felt
the rule characteristic of cutting and a
thought immediately arose does It Blend
with chop and sharp luu vaguely felt
that it was possible just that the
difficulty was very very high the
difficulty of fusing two rules was high
enough and the fusion of three rules was
Ely even more difficult but once
successfully fused a qualitative change
is bound to occur luu's offensive
ability would categorically go to
another level luu glanced at the
remaining rule crystals there was one
intact one and one almost used up this
amount of rule crystals could not
support luu infusing these three rules
going to borrow some from legionaire
sure how as long as luu was willing to
ask shha was naturally willing to borrow
but the problem was with just shera's
little bit of rule crystals it was still
impossible to complete the fusion of the
three rule
characteristics luu roughly estimated
that at the very least he would need 10
rule crystals or even more it would take
at least that many rule crystals to
complete the fusion of these three rule
characteristics this was too difficult
for luu at the current stage of course
there is another way that would be to go
back reach out and ask for it from pups
surely this Marshall Sage pops could
afford to give it but the problem was
that this coming and going was too much
of a delay especially this journey back
to the blue star from the taiway Star
domain it was too far just the Wormhole
flight would take 12 days plus the
closed door
cultivation and then when he came back
I'm afraid that it would be more than a
month later his Adventure had only just
begun and it was a bit of a tiger's
errand to have to make a trip back once
the mission to support the Outpost was
successfully completed and the temporary
base was well hidden the many things
that had happened before were also
transmitted back to the war Fortress
outside the secret realm support Mission
successfully
completed good good good after seeing
this news the secret Realms chief
commander Hong couldn't help but not his
head he knew very well how difficult
this Mission really was if one was not
careful the outposts team or the support
team could all be wiped out
luckily such a situation did not occur
and the mission was completed without
even triggering the little Marshall
Saints Soul seal Huntsman continued to
look at the Intel a large force from The
Outpost dead or wounded not one in 10
including Legion Commander
chiaa there are only 508 people left
seeing this even hunza couldn't help but
be moved he could almost imagine the
ferocity of the battlefield at The
Outpost soon he saw luu again in the
middle of the
battlefield slaying 38 Rome foreigners
in a row and one of them was the son of
a true God of the sanctuary
civilization 38th realm beheading in a
row there's also a son of a true God
among them
Hong as well as Marshall King you Fone
beside him were somewhat shocked when
they saw this news that's 38 real mirors
and they were actually chopped up just
like that sounds like a
breeze however both Hong and yon were
well aware of the difficulty involved as
well as the violent shocks that followed
little Marshall saint
that's really
outrageous Eon couldn't help but spit
out to actually behead 38th realm
demigods with such ease yes I'm afraid
the sanctuary civilization is going
crazy hon nodded I hope they can hide
well and never be discovered only a few
more months at most half a year when the
eighth realm powerhouses are able to go
in we in this sacred realm civilization
will be on the the offensive and
defensive it will take a bit longer for
a ninth realm Powerhouse to get in but
the eighth realm should be enough there
are quite a few Peak eth realm in the
human race that can easily defeat a
ninth realm existence this taiway secret
realm siphoning off the energy of the
entire taiway
Starfield has caused this vast Starfield
to be so Barren making it so difficult
for our human race to defend in the
Starfield
Battlefield after sucking blood for so
long
it's time to make them pay a little from
a long long time ago the human Race's
exploration of the taiway Starfield had
basically never stopped this vast
Starfield spanning too 1 million Lighty
years bordered three powerful
civilization clusters and also bordered
dozens of weaker civilization
clusters such a huge area but so Barren
and desolate countless Starfield
Scholars kept researching and searching
just wanting to find out the secret
realm and find this energy Thief so that
the pressure on the human Frontier front
was not so great but alas until a short
time ago there were no results ever
since Lu youu had obtained that Ray of
civilization fire things had finally
taken a turn for the better in fact the
danger of developing the secret realm
never lay in the secret realm itself but
in the covetousness of the other three
powerful
civilizations if they were to know about
the matter of the taiway mysterious
realm then there was no doubt that they
would definitely attack at all costs
even if he couldn't snatch the taiway
mysterious realm he would still have to
completely mess up the human Race's plan
to develop the mysterious realm the evil
God Clan as well as the Holy Spirit Clan
as well as the blood moon Clan these
three powerful Clans would definitely
not stand by and watch as the human
taiway astral domain grew in strength
with the taiway mysterious realm
therefore the matter of developing the
taiway secret realm could be said to be
a Race Against Time even if the martial
artists of The Outpost Lost a lot as a
result they had at least brought back a
lot of
information then it was all worth it
this is the struggle of the great world
and
civilization not some kind of
housekeeping being even slightly more
indecisive would lead to death and the
destru of countless human planets as a
result luu is out of the gate Legion
Commander Chia sha immediately came over
and reported to luu about everything
that had happened recently as well as
the big and small matters in the
temporary base since he had chosen to
serve luu then Shia sha naturally would
not treat this as a joke even though he
had already broken through to the eighth
realm he still seemed exceptionally
humble luu nodded as he listened to one
thing after to another then spoke to
Chia sha about his thoughts little
Marshall Saint is planning to go out on
an adventure Chia sha revealed an
unexpected look chapter 238 it's so
similar so
similar right luu nodded in that case
Chia sha was
surprised but also felt that this was
reasonable he pondered for a moment and
gave luu a few
suggestions one learn the language of
the sanctuary civilization and
understand its cultural flavor two
change your original appearance and
manifest a costume of the sanctuary
Civilization Third it's a good idea to
prepare for adventure planning
beforehand and it's a good idea to have
several back roads in place listening to
Chia xia's suggestion luu was a bit
surprised and couldn't help but ask how
do I learn their language we've captured
the prisoners of the sanctuary
civilization and have cracked their
language so far xia sha smiled and said
there are also their cultural flavors
City
Landscapes important areas and related
costumes that I have collected so wait
I'll pack it up and send it to you as
for adventure planning I can also come
up with a few ideas for little Marshall
Saint to plan for of course whether or
not to adopt it depends on you yourself
little Marshall Saint I think it should
work you can refer to it for a second
have to say Chia sha is very capable
after luu had voiced his idea of wanting
to take a risk he didn't stop it but
stood in luu's shoes and thought
everything through for him not to say
it's perfectly prepared but at least
it's very
reliable no doubt about it this saved
luu a lot of time listening to Chia
xia's narration luu couldn't help but
feel emotional in his heart it was
really convenient to have someone
working for you especially one with Chia
xia's ability all along although luu's
name is loud and clear he does not have
his own forces nor does he have a
subordinate that belongs to him but
whenever he wants to do a little
something he either has to re sort to
the forces of his old man or the help of
the kid Brothers and Sisters of the
heroes of the great summer it is still
more or less inconvenient to accomplish
your own things with the help of others
luu had also thought about forming his
own Force but
before he was just too small and not
strong enough to form a force so it was
only normal that he had no way to form a
force but it's obviously different now
he has grown up although he was in the
sixth Realm he possessed the battle
power of the eighth realm and he was the
lord of the 138 planets in the taiway
star domain in the future if L wanted to
become the spokesperson of the taiway
star region then he would definitely
need to have his own forces under his
command this chow sha as well as the
many martial artists who had survived
the battlefield of The
Outpost was without a doubt the best set
of squad
previously Lu you didn't care about it
and only now did he realize it as an
afterthought like there could be a after
realizing the importance of this matter
in the next few days luu did all sorts
of preparations and learned the language
of the sanctuary Community while making
contact with those 507 martial artists
luu intended to talk to each person to
memorize each person's name to remember
each person's General
personality as well as their
preferences and their general family
situation as a super social cow since
childhood luu easily mixes with them and
can get along very well this is not
really that difficult after all luu was
Far Beyond this group of people in terms
of his status position or natural Talent
even with the title of Major General
even the
insights as well as the insights in
military Warfare were better than them
although xiaan Yuan felt that luu had no
talent in military matters and was
really an Elm brain that couldn't be
taught in any way but it doesn't mean
that luu really doesn't have a level
just relatively speaking when luu sat
amongst the crowd and talked about the
major battles of long long ago he
directly mesmerized the crowd and all of
them were
mesmerized each and every one of them
seemed to be in the scene itching to
travel back and take part in that
magnificent large-scale War to defend
the Majesty of the human race compared
to a battle of civilized communities
like that the bloody battle they had
fought at The Outpost while also
magnificent was simply not enough as far
as spectacle was
concerned that great battle that
determined the status and future of the
human Community was naturally something
that the crowd had heard of long ago and
there were similar stories in school
books military books and even movies and
TV shows since they were young
everyone however was still hearing this
version of luu for the first time luu
was a great
Storyteller at this moment he told it in
a colorful manner as if he had commanded
that battle and as he
spoke Lu U himself became excited even
he himself had subbed in let alone this
group of martial artists there is no
doubt about the veracity of these
stories all of which he had pestered his
master to tell him when he was still
young in order to go out and brag about
it luu at that time listened
extraordinarily
attentively coupled with the
unforgettable Talent so every story in
every battle that his master told him L
you clearly
Remembered in the meantime when Legion
Commander Chia sha and vice Commander
yenjing Yu saw the scene they couldn't
help but be a little
surprised
originally they were a little worried
that this group of Reckless and
accustomed fellows who were straight
talking would cause the little Marshall
Saint to be
displeased and make things not too
Pleasant for each other in
hindsight those fears could have been
completely redundant although the little
Marshall Saint had a noble status and
great talent he did not have the
self-esteem of those super
Geniuses not to mention the habit of
looking at people with his nostrils just
for a while he was acquainted with all
of them and the stories of those battles
that he was talking about at the moment
were even more captivating to all of
them it's not a simple skill it's so
like it's so like looking at luu who was
telling stories to the crowd chiaa was
in a bit of a trance as if he had seen
the figure of that Marshall Saint back
then like what hearing this Yen jinyu
subconsciously asked only then did Chia
sha come back to his senses smiled and
said the Marshall Saints of that year
were people like little Marshall Saints
who never put on airs much less stances
and could chat even with ordinary people
has the army Chief seen a marshall Saint
Yen Jin Yu was a bit
surprised aha Chia sha nodded glanced at
his palm and said with a smile I even
shook hands with the Marshall Saint back
in the day really hearing this Yen Jing
Yu stared at him blankly how come you
never said anything about this matter
what's there to brag about this kind of
thing xia sha shook his head in
disbelief is the Marshall Saint
originally such a person Yen jinu looked
at luu and couldn't help but murmur when
the story came to a wonderful Point luu
suddenly stopped just as everyone was
waiting for luu's following
luu however smiled and said this is the
end of today's story if everyone still
wants to hear it then I'll say it again
tomorrow
everyone's eyes widened at those words
Pioneer leader Wu Z Yuan hurriedly said
little
wuang you should at least finish this
story before you leave Commando leader
Wang dust nodded that's it how can you
break off in the middle of a sentence
chapter 239 out of the mountain in the
face of luu's unkind Behavior the crowd
could be said to be filled with
righteous
indignation the atmosphere was instantly
enlivened even those who did not dare to
take the initiative to speak to luu
earlier all of them opened their mouths
to speak at this moment medical Captain
hang laughed and said I won't be able to
sleep tonight if you're like this little
Marshall Saint communication Captain Yia
Fang also hurriedly spoke up little
Marshall Saint you can't be like this
telling a story how can you stop halfway
through in the face of the crowds
repeated please luu was
indifferent he smiled and said it's a
long long story and I'm sure it can't be
told in a moment if we have to finish
then I'm afraid nothing will get done
today and it's not like I'm not saying
that there's a long day ahead so why are
you all in a hurry I'm going to go work
on something else bye Lu you said this
and jumped down from the high stool
waving his hand towards the crowd before
turning to leave the crowd was
white-eyed each one looking at the other
there was a bit of Truth in luu's words
yeah there's a long day ahead so why
rush but the thing is Fong was halfway
through this story and just when it was
getting exciting it suddenly cut off the
little Marshall Saint definitely did it
on purpose by the time the crowd reacted
Lu you was already far away and it was
obviously too late to chase after him
that won't help the crowd started
chatting at once there were those who
talked about the story of the battle in
the party and there were also those who
talked about the little martial arts
sage
luu just then Legion Commander Chia sha
walked over the discussion came to a
screeching halt as the head of the army
Cha's Majesty was absolutely first class
and everyone
respected loved and feared him Shia sha
looked around the crowd the teams
stationed at The Outpost were meant to
be the elite of the elite The Outpost
Battlefield is even more tragic to the
extreme one out of 10 and everyone who
stays is a ruthless man among ruthless
men treating such a group of people in
addition to drawing closer to them luu
naturally did not begrudge sharing meat
he was extraordinarily generous and gave
Legion Commander Chow sha a lot of
cultivation materials allowing the crowd
to focus on
cultivation the requirements are also
simple try to break through to the new
realm everyone's General realm was still
on the low side most were at the peak of
the fifth realm a few were at the sixth
realm and even fewer were at the seventh
realm those in the fifth realm break
through to the sixth realm those in the
sixth realm break through to the seventh
realm and those in the seventh realm
break through to the eighth realm this
request shouldn't be too much right when
xia sha spoke this matter out all the
martial artists immediately grimaced
bitterly breaking through this kind of
thing it was so easy to say if it was
that easy it wouldn't have been stuck
for so many years
when xia sha saw this scene he
immediately spoke out in
reprimand you've come through the life
and death barrier and you're still
afraid of a cultivation
breakthrough little Marshall saint has
high hopes for you so don't let me or
little Marshall Saint down all of you go
back to your
seclusion whoever fails to make a
breakthrough is the one who is
disgracing me the little Marshall Saint
think about abouted guys how old is
little Marshall Saint he is and he's
already broken through to the sixth
realm and he's even killed so many eight
Realms from now on you're all little
Marshall Saints soldiers if you still
hold yourselves to the previous
standards then don't blame me for not
reminding you that you can get the hell
out before it's too late listening to
the legion Commander reprimand the crowd
stared at each other in disbelief Legion
Commander Legion Commander do you want
to hear what you're saying comparing us
to little Marshall Saint what kind of
interstellar joke is this even though
they were once considered
Geniuses they were truly nothing
compared to the little Marshall saint
but then again the legion Commander was
right from now on they were little
Marshal Saint soldiers so how could they
hold themselves to the same standards as
before
everyone knew that following little
Marshall Saint had a limitless future
but if everyone laid flat then even a
limitless future would be ruined as a
result everyone clenched their teeth and
broke through right then break through
spell it out seeing the crowd's reaction
Chia sha smiled and nodded in the next
few days l youu in addition to getting
along well with these people
accidentally discovered Ed that quite a
few people had broken through one after
another so it seemed that the bloody
Battle At The Outpost was an
unprecedented crisis for these people
and an opportunity to stimulate their
potential after breaking the life and
death barrier they all comprehended
something a seventh realm desolate Beast
with a huge body that resembled a
mountain peak it is the absolute
Dominator of hundreds of nearby
mountains all the desolate beasts they
have to survive under its snout
just then the sword light flashed that
sword light was so fast that this
seventh realm desolate Beast didn't even
react its eyes were filled with
bewilderment and it was shocked to find
that the life core in its body had been
sliced in half Boom the desolate Beast
with a huge body collapsed with a loud
bang instantly overpowering countless
trees and scaring away all the wild
beasts within a thousand mile radius luu
appeared at the head of this olate beast
and commanded the others to dismember
the Beast a seventh realm desolate Beast
even if the chunks of meat that
contained Pure Energy were not much only
about 1,000 lb there were also some
parts of the meat that had a decent
amount of energy and were barely a meal
in bits and pieces you can probably get
tens of thousands of pounds of meat the
rest of the parts are not really very
useful put it directly here and leave it
for the passing wild beasts and the wild
birds it's kind of their chance this
area is called the billion dooll
mountain or the Savage land there was no
doubt that the No Man's Land belonging
to the sanctuary civilization was the
paradise of the desolate
beasts these days although the sanctuary
civilization had searched
frantically it was still unable to find
the human troops that were deliberately
hiding with the Divine luo detector
useless trying to find the human team in
these 1 billion mountains was no
different from finding a needle in a hay
stack just now when he had beheaded this
peak seventh realm desolate Beast luu
had not even used a tenth of his
strength to easily resolve it
undoubtedly after mastering three more
rule
characteristics his overall strength had
improved by Leaps and Bounds while the
others were cutting this seven realm
desolate Beast luu glanced at the
systems Quest panel stage two Quest
explore 1% of the secret world and bring
back Treasures of equal value Mission
reward concentration pill current
progress zero
37% during these days luu had nothing to
do but explore everywhere in this
billion dooll Mountain not for nothing
luu had found quite a few exotic
treasures and some natural mineral veins
kind of some good stuff for the average
fifth
realm however for
luu it was not considered precious at
all nor was it of much use it was simply
not enough thinking about it if there
were Treasures all over this place then
the sanctuary civilization would have
developed it long ago at all costs it
wouldn't be so bad that how many
reincarnations had passed and it was
still a Barren Wasteland the dangers are
far greater than the rewards and this is
a true reflection of the 1 billion
mountains the barbaric land if you want
more you have to get out of the billion
dooll Mountain out of the
mountains chapter 240 land of divine
battle Land of Blood
Sacrifice in terms of
geography the previous Outpost location
was so much better than this billion
dooll Mountain whether it was exploring
the sacred realm
civilization or going to to the immortal
feather
civilization as well as the ancient
ruins
civilization it was much more
convenient nay they had already been
discovered over there and they had also
killed 38 realm demigods over there so
naturally they couldn't go back during
this time luu had already learned the
language of the sanctuary Clan The
Scouting team also incidentally also
deciphered the language of the Divine
feather Clan as well as the ancient
Market Clan being on the same continent
the languages of these three groups had
certain
similarities so it wasn't too difficult
to
decipher in addition to learning the
language luu also learned about the
cultural practices of the sanctuary
civilization as well as the geographical
customs and various things that needed
attention on top of that he also used
the illusion bead and illuminated a set
of standard clothing of the Nobles of
the sanctuary
civilization at the same time he
controlled his muscles and changed his
original appearance to be close to the
race of the sanctuary
civilization
additionally he controlled his bones and
pulled a little height making the whole
thing look slightly bigger turning him
into a tiny teenager instead of a little
guy after this change if it wasn't for
someone who was familiar with the scent
they wouldn't be able to recognize him
as luu in a
nutshell the basic preparations have
been made and it's time to get out of
the billion dooll Mountain say it and do
it after returning to the temporary camp
with his pre luu made the final
refinements to his next plan it was not
easy to come to the secret realm to
Adventure and had been harboring in this
billion mountains safe for sure but both
the Harvest and the progress of the
mission could be said to be very slow
this was never luu's style the current
luu had a high degree of Mastery over
the rule of wind as well as the
characteristics of the rule of gold his
natural Divine ability wind God feather
was already able to perfectly match with
the wind rule characteristic Freedom the
effects produced after pairing them were
much better than the sword Dow rules and
the rules of gold paired with them
that's called a professional match
wind God feather plus Freedom plus white
Jade Wind and Fire wheel the effect of
all three combined is simply
outrageous in addition to speed the
defensive effect of the way of fleshly
sainthood plus toughness was likewise
very
exaggerated attack wise it didn't fall
short either although shop sharp and cut
the three had yet to be fused it did not
mean that luu's current offensive means
were average chop plus sharp plus cut as
an assist the offense is equally
terrifying speed
defense and attack all three were now
pulled full circle and could not be
improved anymore in a short time in that
case it's time to play a big game even
if it causes a great deal of trouble and
it is impossible to end it in the end
there is still the soul seal to cover it
if this was still looking ahead then it
would be better not to come to this
taiway mysterious realm at the border
between the sanctuary civilization and
the immortal feather
civilization there was a battlefield
that covered an extremely large area
this place is called the land of divine
Warfare this is where the two
civilizations agreed to go to war since
Al
long time ago this has been a place of
war between two
civilizations it has been going on for
an unknown number of years since the
beginning of time and there is no way to
keep track of it who knows how many wars
have been fought here and how many lives
have been lost but you can tell some of
that by the fact that every bit of land
is completely saturated with blood the
terrifying Fury of this battlefield
prevented even a seventh realm Divine
Envoy from flying in the air
only
demigods who mastered the rules
possessed the ability to fly in the air
the uses of these Fury are more than
that even some believers who were good
by nature would become bloodthirsty and
brutal after coming to this battlefield
and being invaded by the banful chi and
in some severe cases they would be
directly twisted and become
extraordinarily
crazy
therefore in almost every war no matter
if it was the same Sanctuary
civilization or the immortal feather
civilization as well there would be
heavy death and injuries the soldiers
who could leave this battlefield alive
after killing Until the End could be
considered a rare breed in fact even if
they survived they would either go
insane in their later years or retrace
their steps on this battlefield and be
killed for ordinary
soldiers as long as they set foot on
this
battlefield there are only two outcomes
either death or Madness sure this
negative effect is not an effect on
everyone devotees of the fourth fifth
and sixth Realms are sheltered by the
true God and they can remain clear in
the midst of endless Madness the Divine
ambassadors of the seventh realm were
even more so and under normal
circumstances there would hardly ever be
a fall as for the demigods of the eighth
realm from ancient times to the present
day
there were only a handful of demigods
who had died in battle the only common
soldiers are those in the Third Realm
and those below it they have nothing it
was basically impossible to walk out of
the land of divine battle
unharmed the moment in this
battlefield troops on both sides ready
to go on the side of the sanctuary
civilization there were 3 million troops
the immortal feather civilization on the
other side similarly had an army of
2,700,000 all of the soldiers at the
bottom under the infestation of the fury
Their Eyes Were red and their eyes
flashed with murderous intent and as
soon as they started to fight and kill
they would become completely crazy
charging and killing with no fear of
death at all far away sky above luu
couldn't help but fur is brows when he
saw the scene so this so-called land of
divine battle is nothing but a place of
blood
sacrifice in that case it seems that the
so-called deep hatred between the
sanctuary
civilization The Immortal feather
civilization and the ancient ruins
civilization the so-called deep hatred
between the three major
civilizations and that ongoing war is
just a front blown up for the sake of
the blood
sacrifice of course
there are also cases of constant ongoing
Wars and deep hatred if not hatred but
for the true gods of these three great
civilizations I'm afraid that they won't
care about these hatreds at all and he
will only care about the results of this
blood sacrifice over and over again the
situations in front of him made Lu you
think of the outside Universe those evil
Gods who had fallen from the 10 realms
in order to live forever constantly
pushed for Wars between civilized groups
spreading War everywhere in the
universe such a situation was likewise
present in this secret realm that
doesn't seem right what kind of father
looks like a son in the outer
Universe most of the Gods of the major
races learned this method in the secret
realm as for who started it that's
unknown but in this secret realm of
taiway whether it was the San Ary
civilization The Immortal feather
civilization the ancient ruins
civilization or even the other six
civilizations outside of this Divine
ruins continent I'm afraid that all of
them were in the same
situation this path of the Fallen evil
God did not require the 10th realm as
long as one was at the peak of the ninth
realm one could walk it in order to
continue their lives the evil gods of
these three great civilizations control
the billions of trillion lives within
the secret realm sending them to this
land of divine battles to consume at
fixed times in a steady stream to keep
sustaining themselves forever and ever
and ever until eternity chapter 241 out
of the box stance a sword to cut down a
Demag good whether it was the birth of
the universe or the destruction of the
universe no matter how many times it was
reincarnated there would still be that
group of evil gods
living meticulously in this secret realm
even if the cost is the sacrifice of
countless lives so here's the question
in that long time after the constant
death of countless lives in the midst of
that endless despair will a hero emerge
there's no doubt that there will be
after pulling the timeline to a
sufficient length there will surely be
one hero after another a variety of
great Heroes
breaking through all kinds of hardships
and obstacles and eventually defeating
the evil gods and saving civilization
from
destruction stories like this it has
certainly happened quite a bit over the
course of its long history but this
scene at the moment proved one thing
either the hero dies and a new evil
dragon
reappears either you are a dragon slayer
or you end up as an evil dragon with
this thought Lou you no longer hesitate
and with a flap of his wings behind his
back he instantly disappeared in place
subsequently luu appeared in the sky
above this Divine
Battleground in the middle of the
battlefield where the two armies were
facing each other and in front of the
eyes of the millions of troops from both
sides one could only see luu with his
feet on the white Jade wind in fire
wheel holding the jie Shen Chang sword
dressed in white clothes that were more
than snowy
dashing and floating and he just
appeared out of thin air at first no
Soldier noticed him until a soldier
looked up and stifled an exclamation of
surprise soon one soldier after another
raised their heads and before long
countless soldiers all raised their
heads to look at luu in the sky the
commanders of both sides the many
generals frowned after seeing luu who is
this guy why is it above the
battlefield to be able to fly here meant
that one possessed at least an eighth
realm battle power so young yet so
powerful I'm afraid it's not
ordinary but this place was just too
special even if he was more powerful he
couldn't be so
reckless the sanctuary civilization's
Lord
Commander Eve coldly opened his mouth
and his voice immediately traveled over
in the land of divine battle even
demigods are not allowed to offend so
why don't you quickly Retreat hearing
these words luu turned his head to look
over and smiled coldly then said with
disdain what kind of divine
warland it's just a place where false
gods use blood sacrifices as a way to
continue their lingering lives Lou use
words although the the voice was not
loud but it clearly spread throughout
the entire
Battlefield Sanctuary civilization or
Immortal feather
civilization the bottom soldiers on both
sides all heard it clearly all the
soldiers were wide-eyed their eyes
filled with
consternation there were actually quite
a few similar Legends to what luu was
saying at this moment but it has not
been a mainstream voice so no one dared
to talk about it much less spread it if
once the news is leaked the end of the
infidels can be very tragic don't think
of a painful death at that time it's
even more common to have countless
people involved at this moment after Leu
said this many soldiers had the
hindsight to plug their ears the
commander-in chiefs of both sides the
many generals were all
stunned completely not expecting that
there would be a a god Powerhouse that
would dare to be so death defying crazy
crazy this is just crazy who is he Pagan
organization The Cult of the
adversary but here's the thing there's
no way they could have acted in such a
wild manner does he think that
publishing this fact here will wake up
these
Warriors are you kidding me
innocent so naive s uary civilizations
Lord commanderie narrowed his eyes then
he said
indifferently where are the heathens
from talking nonsense here it's
ridiculous do you think anyone will
believe you when luu heard this he
smiled and said so what if you believe
so what if you don't believe
obviously this Lord commander of the
sanctuary civilization had
misunderstood he had thought that luu
was here to announce the news but luu
was simply contradicting him Eve that
comment directly silenced Eve dry he
couldn't read it but the place of the
Divine battle the important sacrificial
ceremony absolutely could not be delayed
by this tiny Demag good eve turned his
head toward an eighth realm Demag God
General and spoke jera go kill him lead
the way hearing these words this demigod
General without the slightest
hesitation moved his body and directly
rushed up into the sky whether it was
Lord Commander Eve or the many demigod
generals they all saw that this heretic
didn't have the eighth realm but merely
possessed strength comparable to the
eighth realm there is no doubt that this
must be the genius of
geniuses but the thing is stopping the
Divine war from going on even the most
talented person would have to die this
is an unforgivable sin at this moment
this Demag good General named Jared
directly transformed into a ball of fire
like a meteor and smashed into luu he is
the master of the rules of fire the
attack at this moment was as if it could
burn everything luu calmly looked at the
demigod General in front of him he could
sense that this Demag God General wasn't
bad and had mastered at least three rule
characteristics in the sanctuary
civilization it was clearly considered a
relatively powerful eighth realm
Powerhouse if he didn't have a strong
enough strength the commander-in-chief
of the sanctuary
civilization wouldn't be able to let him
go to war but it's a shame he meets luu
an existence that had mastered five rule
characteristics and had also fused two
of them in the fa of jara's fierce
attack that burned everything luu did
not hesitate for a second and directly
swung his sword pull chopping God the
moment he strikes it's an
extermination this was because luu knew
very well that if he couldn't kill in
with one blow then the sanctuary
civilization would surely have other
eighth realm powerhouses step in to save
this unlucky fellow so he must be killed
in one blow in this Divine beheading
sword
the two rule characteristics of chopping
and sharpness were perfectly fused and
the rule characteristic of cutting
although not fused also exerted some
effect the moment this sword was cut out
that eighth realm Demag God realized
that it was not good but when he
realized this it was obviously too late
in just a moment he completely
disappeared into this Heaven and Earth a
very easy and Casual sword an eighth
realm dagod had fallen just like that a
sword both Victory and defeat as well as
life and death with the fall of this
eighth realm
demigod the vision didn't even appear
and his rule origin was absorbed by
luu's civilization Flame the rule origin
of fire as for the rule characterization
it is unknown for the moment after all
the battle was over before he could
unleash his attack in its
entirety quiet deadly
silence at this moment this land of
divine battle this battlefield of
millions of soldiers could be described
as quiet to the point of being Eerie all
the soldiers had their jaws dropped and
simply couldn't believe their eyes an
honorable and Powerful Demag good
General ah died just like that died so
easily
died so casually like a wild dog on the
side of the road the many Demag good
generals were
horrified even the Skippers of both
sides froze above the sky luu held a
long sword and looked down on the
millions of troops below looking down on
each and every Demag good General next
chapter 242 Demag good killer under the
gazes of millions of soldiers luu had
killed a Demag Powerhouse with just a
single stroke of his sword
demigods fall blood rained down the
image it's just so shocking whether it
was the soldiers of the sanctuary
civilization's army or the immortal
feather civilization army they all felt
Goosebumps all over their bodies and
originally because of the influence of
the Divine Battlegrounds Fury everyone's
eyes were slightly red and they couldn't
wait to go up and kill each other but at
this moment as this sword cut out as the
blood of the demod powerhouses rained
down the morale of the sanctuary
Region's army or the immortal feather
Army's morale all of them rapidly
declined it felt like being doused with
a tub of ice water from the head and
immediately calmed down no one had
expected that such a variation would
occur in today's Godly battle it's so
unexpected
silence the entire land of the Divine
battle extraordinarily silent until L
you that next only then did the many
soldiers react with hindsight each
looking at each other all seeing the
fear in each other's eyes this kind of
fear not all from luu MO is suddenly
awake all of a sudden reacted to where
he is at the moment the party was
infested by the fury
that kind of bloodthirsty and crazy
thoughts cannot be suppressed Still
Still haunted in the heart and
remembering the words luu had said what
kind of divine
Battleground it was nothing more than a
false god taking advantage of this blood
sacrifice the land of divine Warfare the
Land of Blood
Sacrifice the rumors about this place
just don't stop the most immediate point
is there are hardly any ordinary
soldiers that make it out of here alive
fear spreads quickly after luu's eyes
swept over many soldiers subconsciously
backed up all wanting to take advantage
of the chaos to escape from this
battlefield this image gave people such
a feeling it was as if luu had shocked
the 6 million strong army with a single
look scaring them into fleeing feel the
commotion on the
battlefield Sanctuary civilization's
Master Commander re frowned tightly as
he stared dead at luu in the sky a sword
it was just one sword that decapitated
jera it gave them no chance to even
rescue them obviously not yet reached
the eighth realm actually has this kind
of battle power when it is unheard of
unheard of on the other side the master
commander of the immortal feather
civilization fan Shing stared at luu in
disbelief and in his heart he couldn't
help but be thankful that he hadn't sent
any demigods over to suppress it
otherwise in nine cases out of 10 it
would end up the same way as that
unlucky person across the street
suddenly vaning thought of the news that
not long ago the sanctuary civilization
had fallen four Demag Goods in a row
could it be that has something to do
with him Sanctuary civilization or
Immortal feather
civilization in fact the most top-notch
combatants there are just a few it is
difficult to come up with more out of
thin air so even if luu changed his
outfit and spoke the language of the
sanctuary
civilization it would still cause people
to wonder if there was a connection
between the two but that's not the point
at the moment rather it's the blood
sacrifice ceremony in the event of an
accident whether it was a true God of
the sanctuary civilization or a true God
of the immortal feather
civilization I'm afraid that they would
all be
enraged this thing is not going to end
well so he must be killed here's the
problem who's going to do it if another
demigod was sent out and was still
killed by a sword then the morale would
fall
completely when in doubt van Shing
glanced at the many demigod generals who
were leaping into action and immediately
rebuked in a cold voice
don't act rashly when the demigod
generals heard this they furrowed their
brows and said but the Divine War van
Shing said
indifferently it's not like we're the
only ones whose Godly battles have been
affected the opposite side is as well
and this guy is obviously looking for
the sanctuary civilization to seek
revenge so what does this have to do
with us let's not go over there and make
a scene the moment these words came out
the many Demag good generals immediately
bowed their heads and stopped speaking
meanwhile on the side of the sanctuary
civilization Lord commandery face was as
gloomy as water he saw that the side of
the immortal feathers civilization seems
to have no intention to step in and help
even if their Divine war is also
Disturbed
hm what a short-sighted and stupid guy
Eve couldn't help but be annoyed and
pondered what to do him personally to
kill this arrogant little guy but the
thing is since he's so arrogant he must
have some backbone must have left some
backhanded if even the
commander-in-chief made a move and
couldn't kill it or even rolled over
because of it it would be a real mess
that couldn't end thinking for a split
second Eve looked at a demagog again
Eugene go suppress him since jara's
death
Eugene while stunned could be said to be
enraged because jera was his closest
friend and at this moment he was
actually killed just like that so
naturally he was angry to the extreme at
this moment at the commanding officer's
gesture Eugene did not hesitate for a
moment rushed straight up into the sky
Pagan Demag good Eugene roared killing
towards luu when luu decapitated a
demigod and he still dared to charge
over he naturally had some
backbone like luu he had also mastered
the five rule
characteristics there was even a very
rare rule origin of Thunder among them
at this moment his body was covered in
lightning and entangled and his Zora
could be described as extraordinarily
terrifying looking at the eight realm
Demag Goods of the entire Sanctuary
civilization Eugene was considered a
very powerful
existence at this moment he rushed to
kill and under the anger his battle
strength even increased and for a while
he fought with luu even vaguely pressed
luu ahead Skipper narrowed his eyes
slightly at the sight he was waiting for
luu's
backhand in fact Eve could not be blamed
for being overly
concerned it was really luu's behavior
that was too crazy it was naturally
unreasonable for him to dare to call out
in front of the two armies with just
this amount of strength and dare to
disturb the Divine battle Eve would
naturally have the preconceived notion
that luu still had a backhand prepared
and that the organization behind him
could not possibly allow a top genius
like him to die Trudy above the sky a
sudden change occurred
originally the two sides were still
fighting each other but in an instant
luu had the upper hand at this moment
the Ganan in his body operated to the
extreme and the set of supreme treasure
plus heavy treasure plus secret treasure
all over his body increased his strength
to the extreme but even so he only had
the upper hand
and it was simply impossible for him to
kill this thunder rule origin Powerhouse
with a single sword as long as he was
injured and didn't die under the sword
some other eighth realm Powerhouse would
inevitably rush over to rescue him L you
don't even try to make up for it it
won't work luu clenched his teeth sword
rode to God in an instant the power of
the sword da rules from the universe the
void and even the secret realm rapidly
filled luu's body and his battle power
once again came to an unprecedented Peak
before this sword beheading God was even
swung the Thunder rule
controller
Eugene an eighth realm Demag good
immediately sensed a crisis he then
realized why his best friend had been
decapitated with one sword not to
mention jera even he seemed so small and
vulnerable under this sword
run run run without the slightest
hesitation Eugene transformed into an
electric light and instantly disappeared
backward chapter 243 the legendary
Destiny's Child it had to be said that
this eighth realm Powerhouse was
extremely powerful in terms of both
strength and reaction speed luu only
slightly revealed a trace of his
terrifying Aura and without the
slightest
hesitation he immediately fled away away
it's still really hard to kill but this
Gods slaying sword was not that simple
luu stared at Eugene who had transformed
into an electric light and instantly
locked onto the fellow Escape I'll chop
you up even if I run away even if you
don't die you'll be half crippled at
this moment Eugene felt the stimulation
that was like an A in his back
and his heart cried out for trouble
immediately looking at the other Demag
good powerhouses of the sanctuary
civilization help me help me Eugene made
a decisive pass as soon as the
transmission went out there was really a
Demag good General rushing over to
rescue him there were Enough Five Demag
good powerhouses thinking of saving
Eugene from luu with the help of a Joint
Force as a result when they had just
rushed over
luu chopped down with this sword they
immediately realized how naive and
foolish they had been in their initial
thoughts this sword where can they block
it even if the Lord Commander came over
and blocked it it wouldn't be a good
idea not to mention them luu's Peak
strength coupled with the increase in
the rules of the sword da tonin when
this sword beheading God fell boom Dash
the ter terrifying rule energy
fluctuation was like a Heavenly collapse
the three Demag good powerhouses died
tragically on the spot directly going up
in smoke without even having the room to
save them the other two Demag good
powerhouses were not doing well either
although they didn't die they were
severely injured and dying with just one
sword he nearly killed five Demag Goods
originally may just be seriously injured
near death Eugene pulled five unlucky
people with the back he was
unharmed but harmed them luu couldn't
help but smile when he saw the scene
there was a windfall the lightning rule
controller who just escaped couldn't be
a mole right specializing in pitting
teammates one for three earn it earned
it feeling three wisps of rule origin
was civilization fire and Ed luu's mood
can be described as very good and then
took advantage of the crowd shock a hand
will be these 38 realm burst out of the
equipment treasure all ingested over
thrown into the chinan treasure Pearl
after killing a Demag good Powerhouse
with a sword just now and being stared
at by so many
powerhouses luu didn't dare to fish for
equipment and treasures easily at all
for fear of being sneak attacked now
that he had this sword which was so
terrifying that it scared the many
strong people who didn't dare to act
rashly he naturally had a chance to fish
for equipment despite having withdrawn
from the state of Sword da tonin and
feeling the many pains in his flesh and
spirit he did not show fatigue but
instead grew more and more excited luu
scanned the army of the sanctuary
civilization then glanced behind him at
the army of the immortal feather
civilization
no sound here is better than sound even
without speaking just a single look
shocked millions of troops in the
distance in the immortal feather
civilization the Lord
Commander van Shing who was watching the
show had a shocked face full of
gratitude the power of this sword was
such that even he felt the danger
luckily he told his men not to be
allowed to strike on the other side Eve
pupils even shrunk slightly Fong
hesitated and then struck out to rescue
him already slow even though Eve had
mastered the 12 rule characteristics and
stepped into the peak of the eighth
realm he was known as the number one
demigod under the true gods of the
sanctuary
civilization and his strength was
incomparably
terrifying but he hadn't made a move in
over 300 years he had forgotten what it
was like to fight and long gone is the
courage to go for the kill the
youthfulness of the original
spiritedness but also has long since
dissipated in the moment of facing that
sword he actually
hesitated this directly led to the death
of three more
demigods if he had stepped in he would
never have allowed luu to easily kill
the three Demag Goods
obviously the strength of this little
guy across the street was Far inferior
to his own yet he had been
forward-looking and
indecisive at this time on the site of
the sanctuary
civilization many Demag good generals
were anxious Lord Commander please also
make a move only you can fix him now I
also ask the Lord Commander to make a
move to quell this heretic Eve doesn't
he know to strike of course he knows if
he doesn't make a move it's not going to
end well gritting his teeth Eve looked
towards van Shing the commanderin-chief
and the immortal feather civilization
Army strike together to subdue him Eve
transmitted all the Supreme Treasures on
his body belong to me Brahma star took
advantage of the fire good eve didn't
hesitate and agreed straight away then
directly suppress him Brahma star
laughed and struck out corly whom Eve
snorted coldly and struck out at the
same time the two PK thrm
existences both mastering at least 10 or
more rule
characteristics were joining forces to
Target luu at this moment and that
overwhelming might directly made luu
unable to breathe in this instant a
strong sense of Crisis made luu's heart
jump and the Soul seal on his forehead
hot luu knew that it was not good and
without the slightest
hesitation the wind God feathered wings
behind him immediately lifted their
wings run you want to run away after
you're done playing hard to get you
stared indifferently at the direction
luu had fled and without the slightest
hesitation he immediately chased after
him Brahma star laughed equally
unwilling to lag behind for the sake of
luu's treasure or not for the sake of
giving an explanation to the true God or
not he had to come and help when the two
masters disappeared in place countless
soldiers looked at each other in dismay
just now had the two masters joined
forces the two sides that are supposed
to be incompatible and not share the
same fate will actually join forces to
strike the morale completely collapsed
and all the soldiers were no longer
restrained turning around and running fr
frantically fleeing from this place used
for blood sacrifices for divine battles
seeing this scene both demigod generals
knew that it was not good and without
the slightest
hesitation they directly struck out
instantly killing thousands of soldiers
death to those who run away back to the
front line no running
away however the more this happened the
faster these soldiers ran
and the entire Divine Battleground was
in direct
chaos this blood sacrifice ceremony had
been completely messed up even Brahma
naturally saw the scene the good Divine
War blood sacrifice was completely
disrupted and could no longer continue
the true God is bound to be
furious and the culprit of it all was
fleeing frantically not far ahead kill
or capture alive just don't let him get
away
without
hesitation even bramar once again
reached out to suppress it however luu
wind Gods feathered wings coupled with
the freedom trait Not only was he fast
he was also
unencumbered and easily escaped the
suppression the two peaks of the eighth
realm joined forces but they were unable
to catch louu in a short period of time
what speed Eve was alarmed a district of
the sixth realm yet it has this kind of
speed this kind of strength van Shing
was even more alarmed he had never seen
such a terrifying Heavenly Pride before
it reminded van Singh of some legends
from his long history it is said that
every few million or 10 million years a
Destiny's Child appears every
Generations Destiny's Child was
extremely gifted whether it was their
qualifications or their cultiv ation
speed they were all extremely
terrifying they came with a mission and
existed to overthrow the true gods of
the major
civilizations now the genius in front of
us seems to be the legendary son of
Destiny chapter 244 an Avenue of rules
what to choose Eve this guy something's
not right Brahma star
transmits whom Eve asked
rhetorically slightly
stunned what's wrong he could be the
legendary born in Destiny son of Fate
Brahma star was
concise it's still
possible no I'm afraid it is you've
heard this as an
afterthought he couldn't help but
Rejoice I was worried that I had no way
to deliver if we can kill a son of
Destiny then not only is there no sin
it's still a great Merit it hearing this
van Shing was somewhat
speechless why was this guy so dead set
if a true God didn't die a peak of the
eighth realm like them wouldn't be able
to break through to the ninth realm much
less become a true God on the contrary
if the Sons of Destiny and the true gods
were to engage in a battle with both of
them losing they would be able to take
their place and become the new true Gods
it's pretty much the only chance and
this Eve is actually trying to please
the true God you're really loyal Brahma
Singh didn't hold back and spoke in a
conspiratorial manner yiv realized
something was wrong when he heard this
he was not a stupid person and quickly
understood van shing's
intentions his heart was shocked shocked
Eve couldn't help but
transmit but if we don't capture him
back it won't be easy to deliver if he
really is the son of Destiny then he
wouldn't have been captured by us Brahma
sing returned if we can kill him then
he's not the son of Destiny let's see
how far he can get away first there's no
doubt he'll have a backup he'll have
assistance when the time comes we'll
kill a bunch of people capture a bunch
of people and tell the true God the news
then we'll be able to deliver what do
you think Eve he
hesitated after thinking for a long time
he nodded and said good the temptation
to become a true God was simply too
great in that case let's see what kind
of cards this Destiny's Child really has
it's a bit of a pain in the ass these
two peaks of the eighth realm their
strength was truly terrifying
and it was simply not something that the
current L you could match up with Escape
only Escape although by virtue of the
wind God feathered wings and freedom
traits luu was able to easily escape
from their suppressive Bonds in terms of
speed Lu you was not ahead so he
couldn't get rid of these two
powerhouses no matter how he shook them
off
originally luu estimated that the wind
Gods feathered wings
if paired with the rule characteristic
of Freedom should be able to easily
Escape even if they couldn't defeat
those Peak eth realm
powerhouses as a result he still
underestimated the peak of the eighth
realm even if the attack was that Fierce
it was still so fast and hardly flawed
Liu might be able to barely fight with
them if he used sword da tonin but that
would be no different from committing
suicide and would be like drinking
Hemlock to quench his thirst
using pops Soul seal even less so once
the soul seal was triggered it meant
that luu's Adventure had come to an end
and he had to go back it will be 3 years
until the next adventure feeling the
soul seal that had been burning in his
brow luu gradually realized that he had
played a big game but have to say what a
thrill the many pressures of two peaks
of the eighth Realm chasing after him
Came Crashing Down on his face while
frantically fleeing luu knew that it was
not the same thing to go on like this if
the reinforcements from the opposite
side came then there was no way for him
to escape anymore as for escaping back
to the 100,000 mountains to get help
from the big guys this approach was
rejected by luu after a flash two PK
realm existences were no joke not to
mention the issue of casualties
the resident will definitely be
discovered and if it is impossible to
leave these two pe8 realm
behind it can be said that the
consequences are endless what to do
brush
brush brush luu's figure was Swift
constantly moving while racking his
brain to think of various ways to break
the game feeling the constant pain
coming from his physical body and the
exhaustion on the mental side
luu couldn't help but feel a little
helpless was there really no way out no
there are ways luu suddenly thought of
something in his speed sort again
running in the other direction not long
after the hint of the system Quest
flashed by stage two Quest explore 1% of
the secret realm and bring back
Treasures of equal value
completed Mission reward concentration
pill
already issued current progress one 0
1% luu quickly scann the text on the
panel sure enough this journey of
exploration revealed the truth about the
land of the Divine War another Escape
ensued finally allowing the mission
progress to break
1% it's still not easy luu quickly
glanced at the introduction of the item
reward concentration pill
rank eighth quality perfect type
consumable effects after taking it you
can completely condense your mind and
temporarily feel the great da of Heaven
and Earth description meditation and
concentration Unity of Heaven and Man a
superb Elixir that can be taken even by
Ordinary People it is only a Pity that
the time for enlightenment is extremely
short and the person who takes it needs
to choose his or her path carefully luu
frowned as he looked at the introduction
of the item in front of him the
reward no doubt must be a good one but
it's being hunted at the moment is there
a slight problem with taking a potion at
this time but here's the thing luu
didn't have a better solution at the
moment he could only treat the dead
horse as a living horse
brush after l made a Flash and appeared
in the distance he took out the Elixir
and stuffed it into his mouth seeing
this scene Eve and Brahma star were both
stunned watch out he's starting to get
high Eve warned no I'm afraid it's going
to be a fight to the death Brahma Singh
nodded he couldn't help but be a bit
surprised this Destiny's Child didn't he
have any backup shouldn't I or maybe he
didn't want to involve anyone else so he
didn't that's pretty heavy handed so it
really seems like it could be Destiny's
Child however what surprised even van
Shing was that luu didn't immediately
explode after getting high and was still
rapidly fleeing like a headless fly
flying around what do you mean Eve was a
little taken aback this guy Brahma star
is even more
confused both were a bit
skeptical in fact I'm afraid that if he
had gone all out at the beginning and
spared no effort to subdue luu he would
have gotten his hands on him a long time
ago however they were harboring evil
intentions so they slightly let go of
the water which allowed luu to escape
for so long of course it was thanks to
this that luu's Soul seal was not
stimulated that's a different ending the
moment seeing what luu seemed to be
feeling even Brahma finally
reacted this this guy is sensing the
rules evi whitened as he couldn't help
but exclaim in shock two since the rules
in the moment of battle Brahma Singh was
also
dumbfounded it can still be like this
will this be effective the answer is yes
it works and it was great ever since luu
took the concentration pill urged by the
pressure of the life and death crisis an
Avenue of rules one after another opened
its doors to luu wind fire earth and
water the basic rules of world
construction within the body gold wood
water water fire and Earth the same
basic Five Element rules there are also
special rules beyond the basic rules
such as thunder and lightning sword da
sun
tyin and life so here's the question how
should I choose chapter 245
Enlightenment of the higher rule origin
facing the many Avenues of rules luu was
tempted to say I want them all
pity the description of the
concentration pill made it clear that
the rules of perception were extremely
short and that the taker needed to
carefully deliberate their path that is
to say it's still an open question as to
whether or not we'll be able to sense
success it was just a matter of giving
luu such an
opportunity thinking of this luu's gay
swiftly swept across an Avenue of rules
is that all as the son of the mar Saint
luu's Vision was
extraordinary if an ordinary martial
artist came over he was afraid that he
wouldn't know what to
choose however luu was different and the
Marshall Saints old man had explained
this to him when he was teaching the
rules themselves though are not high or
low rules or
rules however there were high and low
levels of those who mastered the rules
as as well as the battle power after
mastering the rules
wind fire earth and water the five
elements of gold wood water fire and
Earth this is a class of basic rules
that can exhibit a combat power that is
usually not considered
impressive because of the
characteristics of their rules they were
usually quite General and unless one
could fuse these rules it was possible
to explode into something more powerful
it was just that the path of fusing
rules was just too difficult in addition
to the ground rules
tyin Sun
chaos and so on these kinds of special
rules the battle power they displayed
was obviously much more powerful than
the basic rules this is the root of
those powerful
communities luu's Master Jaan Yuan sword
da rule
was likewise a rule type with
outstanding battle power even relative
to tyen son chaos and the like it was
even better after all the way of the
sword itself which existed for the
purpose of killing was equivalent to a
path of killing at that time Lou youu
then asked his old dad if there were any
more powerful rules on top of these
basic and special rules
face this greed problem Lu Chang xang
did not
reprimand but nodded and
replied of course I have on top of these
basic rules the special rules there are
even more special rules and more than
one there are a total of three rules
that transcend the many rules one for
time two for space three for
Destiny these three rule Avenues
once one stepped into them even if it
was just some fur the battle power they
displayed was clearly more powerful than
the other rules time
space
Destiny I want to see these three rule
Avenues this thought flashed through
luu's mind he then saw on top of the
basic rules the special rules the
Avenues of rules the rule origin of time
the rule origin of space the rule origin
of Destiny when these three vast paths
appeared in front of him luu couldn't
help but be a little surprised that he
was really allowed to choose it's slow
to describe but in actuality it's just
an instant of lightning when even Brahma
star realized that luu had to attend to
the rules while escaping they were
shocked and immediately attacked in the
face of these three High origin rules
luu did not hesitate for a second and
directly chose space as for the reason
there's no reason totally by Instinct
instead of luu choosing space it was
better to say that space chose luu with
just that moment of Enlightenment luu
felt an unprecedented Avenue of rules
compared to the basic rules the special
rules this spatial Avenue how vast and
unfathomable it was at the same time luu
had some realization as to why he had
chosen space or rather why space had
chosen him the reason is simple Talent
his natural aptitude wind God feathered
wings the essence of which was to be
unrestrained in Roman space as well as
the freedom and cutting of the rules of
the wind were likewise related to the
rules of space as far as attacks go the
chop of the sword da rules in essence
also had some connection with space it
was for these reasons that the ye space
rule origin had chosen him if it is
forced to participate in the two Avenues
of time and fate luu is difficult to
gain as for now that feeling that's what
it feels like brush the wind God
feathered wings behind luu's back
snapped instantly pulling away boom boom
even brahma's attacks fell flat on their
faces the terrifying attack of the two
produced a violent explosion in midair
like two meteors colliding the aftermath
alone set off a hurricane on the ground
destroying a house and uprooting a
tree however l u who was roaming in
space was not affected at all since the
realization of the y space rule origin
luu's speed is even more
terrifying just dodge has been very
close to the instantaneous
transfer both Eve and Van Shing were
both Peak eth realm
existences so they naturally saw the
power of luu's move this guy Eve stared
wide-eyed full of
disbelief actually really let him
participate in the success
this is the spatial rules Brahma star's
face was
wonderful I can now confirm 100% that he
is definitely the son of Destiny who was
born in response to fate What Now Eve
transmits keep chasing Brahma Singh
gritted his teeth wait a little longer
your boss should be coming over good eve
nodded and without hesitation
immediately struck Leu glanced at these
two peaks of the eighth realm after
comprehending the space rule origin the
choice of whether to fight or leave was
in luu's hands it was just a Pity that
the moment of Enlightenment just now was
too short even though luu possessed some
talent in the area of space rules he
still hadn't grasped the characteristics
of the rules of space if you succeed in
mastering the characteristics of the
rules of space
then it is a real step to Heaven
although it was really a bit of a Pity
luu had not been greedy and had already
stepped onto the space rule Avenue
anyway as long as he continued on his
path he would surely be able to grasp
the characteristics of the rules of
space it's just a matter of time luu
dodged once again easily dodging The
Joint attack of two peak eighth realm
Peaks he raised his hand and SW his
sword this sword was not the allout
strike of jinshin but the swimmingly
extreme returning to the
ruins however in terms of power it was
actually not inferior in the slightest
to the previous Divine beheading sword
that had killed many of the eight Realms
with a single sword whether it was Eve
or Brahma star they all knew how
powerful luu was and immediately did
their best to join forces to resist
hiding what what a joke for an existence
of their level it would be difficult to
dodge an attack even if they moved
faster at this realm even the most
random attacks had a sure hit effect
similar to that of a domain this was
also the reason why the previous Demag
God generals of the sanctuary
civilization who went to war pulled a
few Demag God generals to cushion their
backs even with quicker
reflexes it's impossible to run away
completely not everyone was like luu
able to navigate through space and Dodge
attacks with ease chapter 246 the true
God has
descended this sword returns to ruin it
was still the Chapo plus sharp Fusion
rule that was the main focus with the
cut rule as a
supplement it seemed that there was no
difference from before but since luu had
realized the ye space rule origin
whether it was chop or cut there was a
completely new
understanding and using it again at this
moment could be considered completely
different
originally this sword was not much of a
threat to the peak of the eighth realm
but now after the sword had vaguely
invoked the rules of space the essence
had changed and the power was naturally
incomparable even Brahma star could be
considered as a great enemy and did not
hesitate to join forces to resist thumbs
down Dash layers and layers of rules
defense like balloons were easily poked
and sliced through without the slightest
pause the attack of the higher rules in
the face of these ordinary rule
defenses in the face of the effect shown
was like a descending blow after the
many rule defenses all of which were
swiftly sliced through and after seeing
that they were about to hit the main
body the power of this
sword finally ran out
his this even Vanessa sucked in a breath
of cold air although he was not injured
his face was extraordinarily pale and
his body was covered in cold sweat they
were
intimidated this sword of L use was
simply too
terrifying if a single peak of the
eighth realm were to face the sword
alone even if they didn't die they would
be injured for Ely they reacted quickly
and directly joined forces to defend is
this the legendary Destiny's Child
during the sixth realm one could
threaten the peak of the eighth realm in
this instant even Brahma star's battle
spirit was gone compared to giving an
account to the true God they were more
afraid of death the two of them one of
them hadn't fought in 300 years and the
other who hadn't fought in over 200
years had long forgotten what it was
like to fight they just wanted to rely
on the huge realm Gap and Bully luu when
luu had the strength to threaten them
how could he be willing to continue
fighting run without the slightest
hesitation both Eve and Brahma star
chose to escape
meanwhile in the city below there was a
seventh Rome City Lord who didn't dare
to utter a single breath as he shielded
his own Aura and carefully watched the
battle in the sky above his eyes filled
with panic it's
horrible those are two Pate realm
existences ah actually cannot help that
teenager
hm the seventh realm City Lord's eyes
widened the offense and defense have
reversed this
teenager it seems that he doesn't intend
to let go of those two peaks of the
eighth realm after seeing even Brahma
Star as Escape luu didn't think much and
directly chased after them been chased
all the way like a wild dog being
whisked around it almost inspired the
final card Soul seal it's absolutely
impossible not to get back with a
vengeance after such a mess
obviously even if even van shing's speed
was faster it was impossible to match
that of luu who had comprehended the
origin of the space rule
even though he hadn't grasped the
characteristics of the he space rules
the gains from comprehending the origin
of the he space rules were still quite a
lot at this moment
luu waving his wind God feathered wings
was swimming in space as freely and
naturally as a fish swimming in water
you can't kill me even Vanessa were in a
hurry and spoke almost in
unison why luu asked with some curi iOS
it we are willing to serve you the son
of Destiny even Brahma star transmitted
their voices almost without thinking hm
Lu was slightly stunned when he heard
this and asked with some
curiosity what is a Destiny's Child in a
life and death
situation even Brahma star naturally
didn't hesitate and immediately
explained after hearing the legend luu
nodded so it was misunder stood by these
two old guys seeing that luu seem to
have
hesitated even Brahma star once again
transmitted their voices we are at least
at the peak of the eighth realm in our
respective
civilizations we are even more
powerful with our help your overthrow of
the false gods will go more
smoothly yes a helper at the peak of the
eighth realm or two with the help of the
two of us
you are bound to be like a tiger with
wings with our help
soldiers
Elites
Believers and resources are available
hearing these words luu couldn't help
but raise an eyebrow as he smiled and
said there is some truth in what you
guys are saying Dash when these words
came out even bramar breathed a sigh of
relief the heart is even more grateful I
have to say this little guy is still too
young how can you be so easy to fool
it's strong but it's just too
simple however right at this moment luu
was swinging his sword over just one
sword directly cutting off half of Eve
body this injury could be considered
very serious for an ordinary eighth
realm but
forev who was at the peak of the eighth
realm and had mastered the 12 rule
characteristics it was just a matter of
a breath before he recovered as before
but his even paler face showed that it
wasn't without a price why Eve roared a
bit
exasperated we were willing to help you
why are you still trying to kill me luu
said somewhat
strangely it's your business if you are
willing to help me and it's my business
if I want to kill you at these words Eve
was
dumbfounded the Brahma star on the side
saw the situation and immediately
abandoned him he didn't need to be
faster than luu just outrun Eve Eve
instantly some
despair before he can speak Lu you once
again a sword to chop that incomparable
horror of a sword distorting the space
around him nowhere to hide there is no
place to Escape Under This sword it was
as if space was going to be shredded
thumbs up layer upon layer of rule
defense shattered as if they were
chopping melons and cutting vegetables
unable to resist them in the slightest
put Eve was shredded again and despite
quickly recovering as before he couldn't
stop spitting out blood his injuries
obviously worse he gritted his teeth and
seemed to have utilized some sort of
secret technique to recover his state
then turned around and ran luu dodged
and instantly caught up don't you force
me Eve was Furious and immediately
transmitted his voice Force you luu
couldn't help but laugh when he heard
this why didn't you think this would
happen when you were chasing me before
without the slightest hesitation luu
swung his sword and chopped again
unfortunately Eve quickly recovered
again it was like an UND defeatable
little strong man recovering over and
over again but his Aura which had
obviously decayed a lot Pro that he
couldn't recover
indefinitely your rule characteristics
are pretty good louu eyes lit up as he
opened his mouth to praise Eve scalp
tingled he didn't want to hear that for
a moment he was a little desperate on
the ground holding his bre F the Seven
Realms City Lord saw this scene but also
a burst of heartbeat his body could not
stop trembling a peak eth realm Demag
God was going to be
killed however right at this moment an
extremely powerful and terrifying Aura
suddenly descended feeling this Aura the
Seven Realms City Lord's heart jerked
violently true God the true God has come
down chapter 247 facing a true God
slaying the peak of the eighth realm Eve
almost felt like he was going to die but
he didn't realize that at the end of the
mountain his savior had finally arrived
feeling the terrifying Aura of a true
God descending Eve was ecstatic and
hurriedly cried out this guy is the son
of Destiny Lord yes luu couldn't help
but Furrow his brows when he felt this
evil aura that was so dense to to the
extreme he hadn't really expected that
at the last minute when he was about to
behead a peak of the eighth realm the
evil God of the sanctuary civilization
had appeared on second thought though it
seemed normal he was in the land of the
Divine War disturbing the blood
sacrifice
ceremony and preventing the sanctuary
civilization and the immortal feather
civilization two major izations of evil
Gods from feeding then it was even more
of a big mess chasing it all the way
almost lifting the entire Sanctuary
civilization with such a big movement it
will naturally attract countless
attention at the beginning there was
almost no suspense in Victory or defeat
luu had no way to resist the two peaks
of the eighth realm so there was no need
for the true God to show up but now with
the reversal of the offense and defense
L was about to kill a peak of the eighth
realm and it was only natural for this
old man to make an appearance above the
sky dark clouds converged and a
terrifying figure gradually appeared a
pair of cold eyes slowly gazed at luu
Buzz both ears buzzed as if the scene of
Hell slowly unfolded in front of his
eyes an incomparably terrifying
spiritual attack directly pulling luu
into this infernal hell where luu's
forehead was the a soul seal was hot to
the core and was on the verge of
triggering at the same time within luu's
body The Tao Heavenly Dipper Soul
suppressor Stone was spinning
crazily as a precious treasure generated
by the chi of the Heavenly Dipper in the
beginning it has an incomparably
powerful utility in suppressing the soul
effectively protecting the wearer's
Divine soul and Sea Of Consciousness
from the threat of psychic based
attacks however this Heaven and Earth
Wonder was only of the eighth Rank and
logically speaking it could not protect
against the attacks of a ninth rank
existence at all but this ninth realm
evil God who had long been on the path
of
degeneration was not considered tough as
far as strength was concerned so this
Tao ly Dipper Soul suppressor Stone was
considered to be barely a protection
against this wave of spiritual attacks
Lu U quickly regained his
Clarity yet it was this one moment of
Trance but the Gap was
revealed after seeing the true God use a
spiritual attack the peak eth real Eve
didn't hesitate in the slightest and
directly struck out to attack the attack
of the five attributes seemed like a
huge Millstone that kept rotating and
smashing towards luu when luu's eyes
regained their Clarity the attack had
already hit him bang luu's body was
directly smashed away the toughness
defense which represented the rule of
gold instantly shattered and luu
actually ate this attack the peak of the
eighth realm's battle power
naturally was not a soft Pimon to be
needed at will and at this moment this
move which shattered the ru's defense
and penetrated the Supreme Treasures
protection caused luu to be injured he
couldn't help but spit out a mouthful of
blood blood seeped out of his skin luu
was like a
meteorite directly smashing into the
ground and smashing out a large pit
raising smoke and dust in the sky eve
took advantage of the situation and
carried the huge five elements grinding
wheel and killed again die Eve roared
as if venting his anger and as if
expressing his loyalty to the true God
behold I have slain the Destiny's Child
for you above the sky the true God named
yes indifferently watched the scene and
did not speak in the deep pit luu's
injuries were not considered serious the
rule protection and supreme treasure
protection mitigated the power of the
strike and the strong physical defense
allowed luu to only suffer some light
injuries
even less than the damage that the sword
Dow rules had inflicted on
himself however at this moment Eve
obviously unaware of this thought that
luu was seriously injured and about to
die so he decisively rode on his victory
the moment Eve threw out the five
elements grinder in his hand luu also
swung out the long sword in his hand
Paul Chopper under the powerful pressure
of the ninth realm evil God luu's
comprehension of the y space rules
seemed to have deepened a bit at this
moment in this sword beheading God
beheading
sharpness and cutting these three rule
characteristics vaguely showed signs of
fusing with each other compared to the
previous few swords which could only
injure Eve but not kill him this sword
was fundamentally different that Eve who
was chasing after him completely did not
expect that Lu you would be able to
remain conscious under a true God's
spiritual attack and still have the
ability to fight back under his own full
force this is just
incredible is this is this Destiny's
Child help me Lord yes help me without
the slightest thought of resisting Eve
turned to flee and asked the true God
for help ever the distance was simply
too close and the move was so ferocious
that even a true God would be too late
to come to the rescue a sword zanin
swung out as If Heaven and Earth were
upside down and the three kinds of rule
special effects bloomed with extremely
terrifying might and even the peak of
the eighth realm was still unable to
resist it in the slightest Eve was
directly engulfed By The Sword light
chop chop chop
chop chop chop chop chop amidst the
roiling sword light Eve who had been
able to recover over and over again was
completely strangled at this moment Eve
die a peak of the eighth realm had
fallen just like that
Rumble this time the vision was even
more terrifying
the heavens and earth were dim the Sun
and Moon had no light and blood rained
down from the sky with a huge range
covering almost the entire Divine ruined
continent the fall of a peak eth realm
Demag good was a major event that hadn't
happened on the Divine ruined continent
for a long long time Brahma star who was
fleeing his body constantly trembled up
and he knew that that guy Eve had died
also at the peak of the the eighth realm
feeling Eve deatha he could be said to
be
empathetic and his mood was
extraordinarily sad same time Immortal
feather
civilization ancient Market
civilization two powerful true Gods
raised their heads at the same time and
looked at the sky in
Surprise what's the
situation why would a peak of the eighth
realm suddenly fall in the Divine
Battleground
a Demag good General felt this Heaven
and Earth anomaly and an unpleasant
premonition arose in his heart in the
meantime a billion mountains deep many
martial artists were a bit surprised
when they felt the vision in the sky a
falling vision of this scope at the very
least it would only be produced if the
peak of the eighth realm died right
Legion Commander shha was somewhat
surprised could this
be related to the little Marshall Saint
Chow sha furrowed his brows and guessed
so
impossible How could a junior Marshall
Saint kill such a powerful existence
shha subconsciously shook his head when
he heard this although the junior
Marshall Saint is powerful it's still
too difficult to kill a peak of the
eighth realm Chia sha did not refute
just looked up at the sky in the vision
his heart could not help but feel a
little worried
after such a big thing happened I do not
know what is the situation of the little
Marshall Saint now it was then that the
vision which was enormous in scope faded
away the situation was akin to that on
the battlefield of The Outpost not so
long ago shha and Shia sha immediately
reacted does that mean chapter 248 today
beheading the gods at first
Legion Commander shha didn't feel that
it had anything to do with little
Marshall Saint the reason is simple this
was the vision of a peak of the eighth
realm falling even if a junior Marshall
Saint was more powerful it would be
difficult for him to make such progress
in a short period of time right at the
peak of the eighth realm he had mastered
at least 10 or more rule
characteristics and his strength could
be considered to be at the peak if this
kind of existence appeared on the
battlefield of The Outpost in the first
place it would be almost
Extinction even if sherow used the
bloodb burning secret method and burned
himself completely to the ground he
would not be able to resist this kind of
existence it was no exaggeration to say
that if a strong person like that
descended both the martial artists from
the outposts and the supporting troops
would be completely wiped out the peak
existence of the eighth realm was just
so terrifying
however the truth was always unexpected
it was really guessed by Chia sha that
this matter was related to the little
Marshall Saint sure couldn't help but
stare xia sha on the side also froze
after staying Frozen for a while the two
of them couldn't help but look at each
other and both could see the shock in
each other's eyes this what exactly is
the situation sure how couldn't help but
ask you helped little Marshall SED out
before so you should know something
right xia Sha sniffed and shook his head
he did help the little Marshall Saint
out but he really didn't know what was
going on after making such a big
commotion little Marshall Saint this
time I'm afraid that he has stabbed the
sky xia sha said with a grave expression
on his face if he really beheaded a peak
of the eighth realm and caused such a
big commotion the ninth realm true God
of the sanctuary civilization will most
likely come down in person a true God of
the sanctuary
civilization shau's eyes whiten once
again this can't be Chia sha raised his
head to look at the sky and said softly
I hope I guessed wrong the flame of
civilization in Lu uunk body rapidly
absorbed a strand of rule origin and
after a while the vision gradually
disappeared it had to be said that when
the peak of the eighth realm died there
was still a lot of
backlash the fire of civilization sucked
for so long before it was finished the
moment above the sky the nine Realms
true gods of the sanctuary civilization
naturally felt all these changes and
after you fell the rule Essence that
escape was actually all absorbed by this
little guy devouring
rules what kind of tactic is this un
heard of
unseen the true God yes narrowed his
eyes and a hint of long-lost caution
flashed across his
complexion yes looked at luu who was
covered in blood and quickly made an
accurate Judgment of his battle strength
above the eighth realm below the ninth
the district's sixth realm possesses
this kind of strength it was horrible to
the core if he was allowed to grow any
further
he would inevitably become a legendary
godslayer in the future whether it was
him or the immortal feather
civilization the true gods of the
ancient ruined
civilization it was feared that they
would all have to perish under this
fellow sword
fortunately the destiny son of this
generation was a little too Reckless and
overly Hasty exposing himself too early
thinking about that yes couldn't help
but be a little thankful
however facing the legendary son of
Destiny who was capable of creating
countless Miracles Yas was not the least
bit careless although luu had just
killed a peak of the eighth realm and
had previously killed several eighth
realm
demigods Yas wasn't the slightest bit
annoyed but instead felt that they
deserve to die finding the Destiny's
Child for himself ahead of time can be a
great achievement kingdom of God
descend Yas raised his hand and a
complete World descended into this side
of the world unlike the realm this is
constructed complete with small worlds
the rules of the world consisting
entirely of the rules of yes Earth fire
wind and water the cycle of life and
death from the first chaos to the birth
of the world from disorder to order
from birth to
destruction this side of the world could
be described as incomparably solid and
even though luu possessed the wind God
feathered wings plus the ye Freedom he
still felt the heavy
constraints as the Divine Kingdom
descended the true goda's expression
gradually became calm and
self-conscious he stared at luu and
slowly said a true God of the ninth
realm possesses absolute suppression
over a Demag god of the eighth Realm
and the source of this suppression lies
in this Divine Kingdom this complete
World in this small world I Am the Only
God and since you have entered my world
there is only one way out death be angry
be
remorseful you exposed Your Existence
too early if you had grown up
silently it might have been a different
ending but there was no such result
and God said you may die with this
understatement Yas extended his finger
and pointed at luu bang bang luu only
felt like his heart was being grabbed
and clenched hard the intense pain made
his eyes whiten and he barely Stood
Still With A Revival of the wind God's
feathered wings louu quickly retreated a
distance this is the means of the world
Lord Lu you fur his brows instantly
feeling tricky the further back you go
The Wider the Gap and Realms will be a
Dharma phase facing a Dharma body would
be absolutely crushing the domains faced
the Phantoms and held an absolute
Advantage the rules face the field and
again it's a complete downgrade the
rules were perfect and constituted
complete worlds possessing the nine
Realms means of the god of worlds and
were not something that could be
compared to ordinary rules the ninth
realm even if one was only entering the
ninth realm for the first time was not
something that could be compared to the
peak of the eighth realm of course there
were also some peaks of the eighth realm
that could reverse the nine Realms but
that was without a doubt a very very
rare
existence at least at this moment luu
clearly did not possess such conditions
to reach such Heights whom y ask glanced
at luu and a hint of surprise swept
through his cold eyes what a strong
physical body dash with this move of
mine even the peak of the eighth realm
would have their hearts crushed in one
go but him he actually didn't even get
injured
outrageous this kind of physical
strength completely surpassed yasu's
imagination this couldn't help but make
him a bit skeptical were the sons of
Destiny of all generations so fierce in
their existence
according to those historical documents
I'm afraid there isn't a single
Destiny's Child that can reach this
level right when the blow failed yes did
not stop he raised his hand again and
spoke faintly God said let there be
light in an instant the hot white light
came from all over the sky irradiating
every inch of the Divine Kingdom luu had
nowhere to escape
nowhere to hide he had to be passive and
Invincible the purest and strongest of
the sun's true flame almost setting his
body on fire boom his entire body turned
into a ball of fire luu wrapped himself
in Wind God feather Wings even then it
was just barely blocked seeing that this
was still unable to kill luu Yas
couldn't help but frown he continue to
speak and God said let there be wind and
God said let there be fire and God said
Let There Be Water God said before the
words were finished L youu who was
constantly enduring attacks finally
adapted to the rhythm of the opposite
sides attacks and found an
opportunity he stared viciously at the
true God in madir and without the
slightest hesitation he directly swung
out the long sword in his hand today
behead the gods chapter 249 a fish
enters the sea a bird goes up to the sky
pull chopping God this was a sword full
of endless anger before this luu had
never suffered such a big loss even when
he was defeated by the peak of the
eighth realm he was only whisked away to
escape everywhere not like like now
being pressed and beaten not even having
a chance to escape what had to be
admitted was that the ninth realm was
indeed very strong the stable
composition of the world was completely
incomparable to the realm and luu was
unable to escape from this world even
with the manipulation of the wind God's
feathered wings and the freeing
properties of the rule of wind nine
Realms and eight Realms although there
was only a difference of one realm it
was a completely different level
which could be described as the
difference between clouds and mud what s
more luu was only in the sixth realm
it's normal to be crushed it was as if
before this
luu who only had the fifth realm was
unable to defeat the eighth realm the
same reasoning the gap between the
Realms was too great The Only Thing
Worth celebrating was that this ninth
realm true God's attacking means were
actually not too strong
it couldn't be compared to a true ninth
realm he had taken the path of an evil
God and in order to prolong his life he
had gradually lost his original strength
by living on through constant blood
sacrifices to put it bluntly it was a
watery ninth realm if not Lou would have
been unable to withstand his wave after
wave of attacks even with the Supreme
treasure defense equipment and even if
he had taken the path of Flesh sainthood
and had a strong physical body defense
he would not have been able to resist
I'm afraid the soul seal has been
triggered a long time ago of course a
watery nine Realms is still nine Realms
this was completely different from the
eth realm especially since the rules
constituted a complete world it was an
all-around
restraint which gave luu a great deal of
pressure and it was the first time he
had encountered the this kind of
formidable
opponent however luu was an extremely
terrifying existence in terms of both
his ability to adapt and his rate of
progress under this unprecedented
pressure at this critical juncture of
life and death luu's strength broke
through once again at this moment a
sword chopped out exploding with
unprecedented might and the space of the
small world was completely distorted
chop
sharp cut these three rule
characteristics had been initially fused
at this moment the fusion of the three
rule
characteristics coupled with
comprehending the true meaning of the es
space rule origin the power of this
sword to behead the gods directly
reached an unprecedented Peak feeling
the terrifying power of this sword the
true God yes knew that it was not good
and just wanted to dodge and withdraw
but he was still still half a step too
slow and half of his body was instantly
churned into countless fragments dead
apparently not in this small world he is
the true God and there is no death in
the true sense of the word unless Lu you
could completely blow up this side of
the small world only then could he
threaten the life of this nine Realms
otherwise trying to kill a ninth realm
existence was just too hard and too
difficult
at this moment this sword chopped out
and the space directly in front of him
was sliced through the fusion of the
three rule
characteristics coupled with the true
meaning of the spatial rule Essence this
sword successfully opened the world
channel seeing this luu did not hesitate
and with a flick of his wings he
instantly
disappeared at the same time the body of
the true God yes rapidly recovered but
it was about to be restored as before in
the blink of an eye he looked at luu
with some annoyance in his expression
but it was just a slight carelessness
that had shattered his body upon seeing
luu slicing through space and about to
leave his sight of the Divine Kingdom
Yas narrowed his eyes and directly
reached out to grab him don't even think
about escaping luu's back went cold a
coolness spread all over his body along
his spine and his scalp felt as if it
had exploded luu knew very well that
this was mostly his last chance to
escape out if he did it again this ninth
realm true God would definitely not give
himself a second chance to hit him with
a huge realm Gap any chance to return
fire was fleeting and extremely precious
just because luu managed to seize an
opportunity it did not mean that he
could seize a second
opportunity one didn't need to think
about it to know that this ninth realm
true God would inevit be more cautious
and go all out one thought to this Liu
continuously waved the wind God
feathered wings behind him and the
freedom trait in the true meaning of the
y space rule could be considered to be
perfectly fused brush luu's speed surged
and managed to escape before the spatial
crack
disappeared
success ha haa finally escaped from the
world this is like a fish entering the
sea and a bird going up to the sky no
longer bound by a cage or net luu was
ecstatic he didn't have the slightest
hesitation he frantically waved his wind
God feathered wings and the white Jade
wind in fire will under his feet rotated
crazily and it was already emitting
Sparks and starting to spit fire after
not being bound by the world Lou Ed
speed sword crazily F Shu Shu
it just disappeared in the blink of an
eye when the Divine kingdom was
withdrawn and the true God yes walked
out of the Divine Kingdom his face could
be described as extremely ugly Escape
I'll see where you can escape to without
hesitation Yas immediately followed the
traces in space and directly chased
after them in the city below the seven
realm City Lord raised his head and
looked at the disappearing true God his
eyes filled with with dismay and shock
the true God descended and didn't even
manage to kill that guy gez who the hell
is he at the same time this city of the
sanctuary civilization was almost in
shambles and
wailing however some of these powerful
people couldn't help but cross their
fingers and talk it seems like just now
the true God has
descended what why did the true God
descend it seems to be in pursuit of the
teenager yes I saw it too there was also
a vision of a demigod falling just now a
demigod existence has fallen what the
hell happened Shen
civilization luu escaped here in one
breath but when he looked back and felt
the hidden fluctuations in the space he
was somewhat
speechless all fled to this side
actually still chasing still still not
letting himself go there is no mistake
luu was a bit tired and pulled out a
bunch of extreme supplements from the
chinin treasure Pearl opened his mouth
and ate all of them quickly recovering
his physical strength and then continued
to accelerate and disappeared once again
when the true God yes descended upon the
cenu
civilization The Immortal feather
civilizations group of demigods and
divine ambassadors could be said to be
extraordinarily
frightened what do you mean a true God
of the sanctuary civilization had
actually come to the territory of their
Immortal feather
civilization is this an attempt to start
a war start a Godly War like never
before even the true gods of the
immortal feather civilization were
startled Y what is your intention L mang
the true God of the immortal feather
civilization stopped yes and stared at
him with an kind gaze why did you come
to my immortal feather
civilization do you want to break the
true God
contract no yes who had been delayed for
a while by Ramon became a bit anxious
hurry up and get out of the way can't
you see that I'm chasing a little guy
don't stop me who are you after Ramon
was a little curious a Destiny's Child
yes quickly explained a child of Destiny
who in the sixth realm was able to
decimate the peak of the eighth realm a
child of Destiny who was able to tear
open my Divine Kingdom and escape from
it chapter 250 The Hunt of the 39th
realm true Gods the boiling Divine ruin
continent Raymond was shocked to hear
this explanation and was a bit
incredulous the sixth realm can
decapitate the peak of the eighth realm
and still tear apart Your Divine Kingdom
and escape from it you're not kidding
how could there be such a genius in this
world not even a child of Destiny this
was completely Beyond Ramon's knowledge
so subconsciously think yes is lying you
think I'm in the mood for jokes Yas was
angry and anxious get the hell out of
here sensing yes is
impatience Ramon knew that he wasn't
lying and was afraid that the party's
words were true although lay mang was
surprised he quickly accepted this fact
and his eyes became grave I'll join you
in the hunt yes Yas agreed without a
second thought seeing Yas agree Ramon's
heart sank in this world there really is
such a horrible genius if we wait for
him to grow up then the consequences are
unimaginable Ramon's scalp tingled a bit
commun communication between true Gods
was extremely rapid it was slow to
describe but the Clash of divine
thoughts was but a breath or two before
the conversation was complete Ramon and
yason came to an agreement chase keep on
chasing feel the two true Gods join
forces and leave the crowd of Demag
goods were directly
dumbfounded each with wide eyes and Jaws
on the ground in shock
Jesus what's going on here the true God
of the sanctuary
civilization and the true God of our
Immortal feather
civilization have actually join forces
who are they it seems after who it was
actually so important that it could make
two true Gods chase after it it's just
it's
incredible ancient ruins of
civilization after luu appeared over
here ordinary supplements were no longer
useful as he took out the rule crystals
and quickly absorbed the power of the
rule origin this flight traversed almost
the entire Divine ruin continent from
the sanctuary civilization to the
immortal feather
civilization and then to the ancient
Market
civilization as a result the pursuers
behind him instead of decreasing added
another one it's killing me it's killing
me this ninth realm power house was so
difficult to deal with
originally luu felt that when he left
the world of that nine Realms with his
speed he would be able to get rid of him
in no time yet he was still thinking too
simply the strength of the ninth realm
was much more than that their sense of
rules had already reached a certain
realm the traces that luu swiftly swept
through the air were impossible to
detect for the eighth realm but for the
Naked Eyes of a ninth realm power house
they were so clearly visible under the
trail even if luu was as fast as he was
he simply couldn't shake off the
pursuers behind him the ninth realm it
was just too difficult luu once again
felt tricky he gritted his teeth and
continued to fly soon when the true God
of the sanctuary
civilization yes and the immortal
feather civilizations mang joined forces
and arrived the ancient ruined
civilizations eight realm Demag goods
and seven realm Divine ambassadors were
all directly
terrified what the hell is going on two
true Gods descending on the ancient
Market however something even more
unexpected happened to them when the
ancient ruined civilization's true God
Matthew flew above the sky and blocked
in front of the two true Gods it was
just a simple exchange of words and the
three true Gods seem to have reached an
agreement before they flew away together
one by one the eighth realm demigods
looked above the sky in shock the words
were spoken with some trembling accent
the true gods of the three major
civilizations have actually joined
forces that's a first what the hell
happened who are they after just who is
it that can make the three great true
Gods join forces to hunt them down
this is just
incredible nothing like this has ever
happened before the pursuit of the three
zun N9 Realms there was no doubt that
luu's pressure had
multiplied with a ninth realm chasing
him luu could easily walk his dog with
two nine Realms chasing and surrounding
him luu was in a sorry state with the
pursuit of the 3 n Realms it would be
very very difficult for luu to escape as
easily as before and he was almost
pushed to the brink of Extinction pinch
of
numbness there's no mistaking it are you
going to play or not it was even if one
or two nine Realms were chasing after
him but on the Divine ruins continent
there were only three n Realms in total
and they all actually came to chase
after him Lu you was numb he kind of
wanted to
explode exploded with them
Lee wanted to use the soul seal to make
pops split out and let these three nth
realm false gods see what it meant to be
a true true God Realm Powerhouse let
them know what kind of existence they
had
provoked in fact right this kind of
critical moment to use the soul seal
it's not really a loss killing the three
n realms for the development of the
Divine ruins continent to clear all the
obstacles it's not really a problem
however luu had a headache when he
thought that once he used the soul seal
there would be no way to continue the
adventure for 3 years afterward is there
any other way luu gritted his teeth the
wind Gods feathered wings on his back
snapped moving a bit faster with this
flight luu's sense of the y space rule
origin had obviously grown a lot it has
to be said that under intense pressure
the potential will always be constantly
stimulated and the speed of growth two
will be much faster than normal if it
was normal
cultivation L you would definitely not
be able to progress at such a fast rate
no wonder Papa Marshall Sage didn't
object to his
adventures if you want to grow up
quickly and become a truly strong person
you have to risk life and death again
and again the moment Lou you once again
returned to the sanctuary
civilization and he made a big circle
and came back here at the same time the
Demag goods and divine messengers of the
sanctuary
civilization one by one they were all
stunned three great true Gods joining
forces to hunt them down who
exactly is blessed with this off the
charts it's
outrageous this this is the first time
ever in the meantime a billion big
mountains shha and chia sha after
learning that a peak of the eighth realm
had fallen and that something big had
happened in the outside world
immediately sent out Scouts to carefully
explore the news in the outside world
this is not explored yet once explored
directly shocked the true gods of the
three major
civilizations actually joined forces
seemingly
to hunt down and kill whoever who is he
really after this was undoubtedly what
all powerful people wanted to know the
most many Demag good powerhouses had
their own speculations about this as for
sure how and chia sha when they heard
this news they first froze for a moment
and immediately reacted who is he after
it's almost
self-evident nine times out of 10 it's
the little Marshall Saint shha was
stunned as he said with his Jaws
Agape what exactly did little Marshall
Saint do to provoke the 39th realm true
Gods to join forces to hunt him down
this is really
exaggerated when Chia sha heard this
news he was surprised but at the same
time he was anxious no way we can't just
sit back and wait for death shha shook
his head calm down the peak of the
eighth realm is difficult for us to deal
with 39th realm true Gods I'm afraid
that even if we all went over we
wouldn't be enough to stuff the other
side's teeth Chia sha gritted his teeth
then go back and ask for help send the
message back something must be done
